Boring websites are actually cash-flowing machines. Nobody knows about them and they make really good income. If you take a look here, this boring website, how to generate invoices, you use it to make free invoices for literally anything. You put your logo, who's it from, bill to, ship to, very straightforward generic website. Right? And you And you're wondering, well, if it's free, how does it make money? Little ads like this across the website up and down using AdSense. Okay? Now here's the crazy part. Using the similar web tool, I can see how many visitors this boring website is getting, and you can see it's averaging about 2 million visitors a month. Okay? And we use AdSense to put ads on to basically monetize it. Now using the AdSense estimator, finance in America, 2 million traffic, this website is making approximately $81,000 a year completely passively. Okay? Now in this video, I'm going to show you how you can actually build one of these boring websites. You don't have to have any tech skills or be an expert website designer. We're actually going to use AI, specifically Vibe Coding, which is a which is an amazing way to make websites like this. And to do that, we're going to be using my favorite one, which is Hostinger's Horizons, which I highly recommend. The link is in the description for that. But once you sign up to Hostinger, as you see I'm signed up, you're going to want to go to add a website and then you're going to want to select Hostinger Horizons. We use AI to build websites and web apps. And when you have that, like so, you're going to want to click it, and you're going to want to get to this page here where it says to create a website. I can literally type in what I want made. Okay? And I can make something like this. But first, you're wondering, well, I'm not going to copy them and make some uh very vague invoice generator when this one's already the top dog dominator on Google. I'm going to make my own a niche version. So, using basic research, right? Because people who use invoices are either entrepreneurs or business owners, I found this blog about the most popular invoices for service-based businesses. And upon browsing, I came across a very specific type of invoice known as a retainer invoice. So, I decided, you know what? Let's make a niche website specifically for generating retainer invoices. Okay? And based on Google Trends data, the term retainer invoice globally in the last 5 years, as you can see, is doing amazing. And actually, this year it's been going up. So, I know this is where I want to be. And then later on in the video, I'm going to show you guys how to monetize with AdSense. So, once you sign up here, I'm going to I'm going to basically type in make me an invoice generator website specifically for retainer invoices for service businesses. And then I'm going to press start. And as you guys can see, Hostinger Horizons is making this. Thinking, as you can see. Now also keep in mind, guys, this is really powerful, right? Um you're going to want to sign up Hostinger under Vibe Code websites. And very important that there is the $6.99 plan. I recommend the $13.99 plan because you get more AI credits, which allows you to make more websites. You get a free domain and you can make up to 25 websites, which is really useful if you want to build like a portfolio of boring websites. But we'll get back to this later in the video. As you guys can see, it's generating everything. So, we'll let that work. It takes about a minute or two to generate it. So, as you guys can see, in under 5 minutes, I have my own invoice retainer generator. Here it is, and then I can just, you know, press create invoice. I can make my invoices specifically for retainers. I can put the client's name, client's email, very detailed. And then I can generate it. I can choose the payment terms if I want to do net 10 days, net 30 days. And I can literally have all my invoices here, right? And in seconds, I have this boring website which can now compete more niche like this one for anyone that types in, as you can see here, retainer invoices. Right? So, it's really powerful stuff. It shows you what's possible. Really clean and simple site. I can make my accounts. I can do whatever I want. And then once I'm happy, I can literally press publish and get the domain. And then now you guys are wondering, how do we monetize it with ads like this down here? So, what you want to do is you're going to want to sign up to Google AdSense. And once you do, then you're going to want to go to the ads section. You're going to want to sign up for auto ads and you're going to look for something called a AdSense code. So, you're going to want to just take this code, copy it, and you think you need coding skills to put this in, but you can actually just ask Hostinger AI to put it in for you. I can say, "Please inject this AdSense code into the header of my web website." It's live. Put this in like this, and then boom, send that in. Right? And as you can see, they're adding the code for me automatically. I don't have to do anything, which is pretty awesome stuff. And once that's done, we can literally press publish and we will have a boring website that is super useful and makes great income like this one, right? So, it's pretty powerful what's possible, guys. So again, if you want access to this to make these kind of websites, and once again, guys, if you want to use Hostinger Horizons and build AI websites that cash flow like I showed you, make sure you use my code AlexPDF and get 10% off when you check out. So, as you guys can see here, I'll show you. Go here, and then go to have a coupon code, type this in, and you get 10% off.
