So, Hermes Agent just released the slashgo feature, and this might be the single most important command of 2026. And that's because with the /go feature, you can complete tasks that would otherwise take 10 to 20 hours. You can have it autonomously grow your business and actually make you money. It can refactor an entire codebase with hundreds of lines of code in an entirely different programming language. And it can basically do anything that has a clear end objective. And that's why every company including Codex, Cloud Code, and Hermes is adding their own /Gall feature. So in this video, I'm going to show you how to set up Hermes agent from scratch. How to activate and use the /Gall feature inside of Hermes agent. How to use Hermes as the CEO with /Gall and Codeex CLI as the CTO also with /Gal. And finally, how to actually grow your business with this? Because if you don't have real actionable use cases, what's the point? And by the way, this feature is actually insane. This lady had a farm and she had excess produce. She asked Codex with the slash goal feature to sell it. And Codex went out, messaged some potential customers and sold her excess produce, actually making her business more money. Yeah, this is what I mean when I say the / goal feature might be the biggest AI update of this year so far. Now, this all started with the Ralph Wigum loop earlier this year in January where basically you give an agent a task like build a for Python course. It goes to the agent, it saves into a file system and it runs again. As you can see, this is a very simple loop. But the issue with Ralph Loops is that they didn't have a judge to know when to stop, a central control to avoid burning tokens, and a clear goal. It was just an infinite loop. It wasn't really that serious. But then on April 30th, 2026, everything changed when OpenAI released the /Gall feature inside of the Codex CLI. So, OpenAI went back into innovation mode and they invented this new feature that became useful overnight. I mean the people that started using it were running it for 10, 20, sometimes even 30 plus hours building stuff that otherwise would take you days because with goal you can give it the result the desired outcome and how to test it. This is the core difference and of course Hermes wasn't too slow to this. A couple days later after open released it in Codex Hermes agent added their own / goal feature and is arguably even more powerful than the Codex/Gall. You'll see what I mean by that later in the video. All right. Now, let me explain why the Hermes/Gall is on the next level. So, Hermes has a proper judge that evaluates everything. It allows you to assign sub goals and it lets you put limitations on how many turns the loop can run for. All of these make it better than the codeex/goal. So, the first thing Hermes did is they introduced an actual judge, a separate AI agent that is completely unbiased from the execution. And for the input, it sees the goal text, the last 4 kilobytes of the agent response, and the system pro. The judge has one simple function to review the progress and evaluate whether the execution agent is headed in the right direction and whether the task is completed. All of these things make the slashgo feature inside of Hermes much much more powerful than a simple roll loop. First of all, the slash goal feature gives you a built-in judge model. Second, it lives inside of the full Hermes agent harness. So, it gets checkpoints, V2, roll back, LSP listing, skills, MCP tools, and everything else that Hermes agent has built in. Number three, the slash goal feature can survive crashes and restarts. You can just order resume the goal and it has persistence across sessions. Number four, it allows you to interact with it midrun. This is very important because when you click off a goal, it can easily run for 6, 12, 18 hours and maybe sometimes you have new information or you want to steer it into different direction. In Hermes, you can give it these sub goals and correct it while it's running. Plus, it's a built-in slash command versus a whole setup. Right? With Ralph, you have to clone the repo, configure it, wrap it, blah blah blah. In Hermes, it literally comes built in, right? So I can literally show you what it looks like. New terminal. Boom. Hermes. Let me zoom it in. And you just type in /go. And you can kick off a new goal. Now, obviously, I already have Hermes agent set up. So it seems simple, but don't worry. I'm going to show you everything in this video step by step. You don't have to be a developer. You don't have to be technical at all. As long as you have a computer and you can speak English, you can absolutely do this. So block out the next 40 minutes and pay attention because this might as well change your life. And by the way, I'm going to include everything from this video, all the resources, including the image generation prompt, the slashgo prompt for Slideex, the guide for how to use Hermes agent as the CEO, and Codex as the CTO. All of that will be below the video in the second link. You can get it completely for free. So, if you want all the resources from this video, go click the second link below the video and get it now. All right, the first thing we need is a VPS. And I think we should go with the simplest setup possible, and that is Hostinger. Hostinger's VPS is not only very affordable, one of the most affordable options out there, they're also so easy to set I mean, they have a dedicated Hermes agent landing page, which I'm going to link below, that literally makes it as easy and simple as possible to get your own VPS up and running and install Hermes agent on it. So, so again, this will be the first link below the video. When you get here, click on deploy and that will take you to the hosting card here. The first thing you need to do is select the period. I recommend going with 24 months because it'll give you the biggest discount and you set up these agents once and they run forever. And trust me, all of us will be running multiple different VPS servers with dozens and dozens of AI agents 24 months from now. So, you better get started now to get unfair advantage over everyone else. Plus, if you want to save even more money, go to the right side, click on have a coupon code, and type in David for another 10% off. Hostinger was kind enough to sponsor this video. So, if you use the code David, you'll get additional 10% off of your plan. Then on the left, you can skip daily backups and select the server location, just whatever is closest to you, and then click on continue. In the next step, you'll need to create a hostinger account and then fill out the payment details to complete the checkout. Now, it usually takes two to three minutes for your VPS to set up. In the meantime, let me show you some of the use cases and some of the latest releases for Hermes agent because the team behind Hermes, these guys, if they can do one thing, they can ship. This is why Hermes agent recently overtook Open Claw. Here, as you can see, Hermes agent is now the number one app globally on Open Routers token rankings, overtaking even OpenClaw and Kilo Code, which are massively popular apps. Now, Hermes agent is the most popular and just 3 days later, it's basically at 2x. This is how fast Hermes agent is growing. So if you're not running multiple Hermes agents, you know, some locally, some on the VPS, some for your business, some personally, you really are falling behind. Now, yesterday they released this feature which lets Codex be the runtime. Now, this release in particular is one that and that's because Hermes can now use Codex CLI as its runtime. So basically, it's a toggle inside of Hermes that allows it to hand all of the tool execution, shell, file edit, sandbox to Codex CLI anytime it uses OpenAI models like GBD 5.5. And the reason you should care about this is because it lets you use your CHI GBD subscription instead of API key. So you could already use the OpenAI codex authentication which I'm going to show you how to set that up. So you can use Hermes agent for free since remember Hermes agent is fully open source. It's a free GitHub repository. The cost of it is the AI models right. So if you already have a CGD subscription whether that is JBD plus or CGBD Pro. I'm going to show you how to power not only Hermes agent with that and start using /Gall but also the codec cli which her can control. Okay. Okay, so our VPS is finished setting up. So actually we can go to overview and we can see that u no usage yet. It's a fresh VPS. But instead of hostinger panel, if you click on the left on VPS and the one that you just purchased, if you're like me, you have like 10 plus different VPSs. So make sure on the one you just purchased. There's two ways to access it, right? You can click on here and use the integrated terminal by Hostinger, which is probably the fastest way to get started. But the proper way is using SSH. Sounds super complex, but it's actually very, very simple, which is what I'm going to show you. Now again, if you don't have your own VPS in 2026, what are you doing? Go below the video, click the first link and set it up. You can use this for deploying full stack web apps for running multiple different agents. Openclaw, Hermes, agent zero, pi. You can use it for your anything automations like with a single KVM2 plane from hostinger. You can do a lot. So go blow video, click the first link and purchase your first VPS right now. All right. So inside of the hostinger panel, what we need to do is we need to copy this command. This allow us to control the VPS through our computer using SSH. But again, you don't have to even know what SSH means. All you have to do is open any terminal on your computer and paste this in. Then it asks you, are you sure you want to continue connecting? Yes. And it asks for the SSH password. Hopefully you save this during the creation of your VPS. If not, click on change password and then enter it in. So I'm going to set in my password. Boom. And here we are. We are successfully SSH into our VPS. It took like 30 seconds. Super easy. And here is where we'll install Hermes. So installation is very simple in the Hermes GitHub, which is fully open source. I'm going to link it below as well. Everything from this video is in a single link with the resources. You can get it completely for free. I'm going to copy this. Boom. Just paste it into the command. This is the oneliner install command. Quick install from Hermes. It will install all of the dependencies that Hermes agent needs, right? Like the back end, the libraries, the packages, everything it needs to run. It's going to install it on a VPS. Yeah, this usually takes like one or two minutes. So, while this is running, let me show you another use case for SLGOLO, and that is end to-end testing in the apps that you're building. So this guy is developing iOS apps and he's using /go inside of Codex and her mess to test every single feature in his app autonomously. Just kick it off. It runs for a couple of hours and it tests everything in an emulator in the browser. Whatever you want. This is complete game changanger. All right, let's check on our Hermes. It's still installing dependencies. Actually, it's done. All right, there it is. It's done. So, it took probably like 2 minutes. So, next we're going to click on quick setup. Enter. Boom. We have many different providers we can use. I'm going to show you openex. That way you can use Hermes agent for free if you already have a chat GBD subscription which hopefully all of you watching already do. So I'm going to hit enter. To continue we need to do two things. We need to open this in our URL. So you can just we can just copy this. Boom. Paste it into a new browser and log in with your same account you use for Chad GBD. There we go. Now you can either select the team account if you have CHBD teams and personal account. Most of you probably will have one. I'm going to select personal account because I have the Chad GBD pro plan which obviously gives me higher limits than the team plan. So I'm going to continue but it doesn't really matter to be fair. Now the second step is the nine character code. So let's switch back to our terminal. As you can see, Hermes gives us this code. So copy that, paste this in and click continue. And just like that, you're signed in. So now you can use Hermes using your GIGBD subscription. So if you're already paying for it, Hermes agent suddenly became completely free and it's getting the best OpenI models, right? So obviously we're going to go with GPD 5.5. Terminal back end. Keep it local. That's fine. We're not going to set up messaging now. Skip that. And we're ready to go. So let's type in clear and type in Hermes. We should be able to talk with Hermes agent. Here we go. GBD 5.5 loaded. Let's send a test message. Let's see if we can get a response. Beautiful. Hermes agent is responding powered by our CHD subscription. So, I'm not paying anything extra. And now we can get started with the /goal feature. So, before we kick off our first / goal, I'm going to create a new skill. So, I'm going to say create a new skill for the following. I'm going to put in skill. Boom. Paste this long text. By the way, don't worry. I'm going to give you this including everything else in the second link below VO. It's going to be bundled here together. So you can just copy paste it and give it to your Hermes. And basically it will create Hermes agent skill offering. So it has a built-in skill. You know you can see that Hermes comes with like 82 different skills right pre-built. So it already knows how to create new skills. So it uses this one to build it for image generation. So basically this will create full end to-end presentations like literally professional slide decks. When you show this to people they'll be shocked. You can give them a reference image. It will create 20 25 slides in exactly that style and it looks like PowerPoint. I had reactions where people thought it's PowerPoint but no it was actually just Hermes generating a presentation using this exact skill. So it named it open router image generation and then this will allow us to actually call the skill in the future. So in the meantime while this is running we can actually go to open router. So just go open router.ai. Go to the top right create an account. It's completely free. Takes like 20 seconds. Then we need to go to credits. Make sure to charge up some credits. You don't need $250. Just do like $5, okay? Maybe $10. But if you have zero, you will run into errors. Okay. Then we need to go to the GPT images 2 model, right? So it's this. It already knows to use this, by the way. But this is the model we're using. It's the latest from OpenAI, the most realistic by far. Really, really insane model. And this is the secret of making these amazing presentations. So what we need is we need to go to preferences. And we need to go to API keys at the top left. And we need to create a new key. I'm going to name the key subscribe. If you want to see more videos on Hermes agent, make sure to subscribe. It's completely free. And in YouTube Studio, the majority of you over 60% are not subscribed. So, if you enjoy this video, if you find value in this, please go below and click subscribe. It helps more than you think. I'm going to put some credit limits like $20 and create. It's a good practice in case of the API key leaking. Obviously, do not share your API keys with anybody. I'm just going to copy this. I'm going to switch back to Hermes. And the skill is created. Okay. So, now we can do Ctrl C to kill it a few times. I can do clear. I can say Hermes config set open router API key and then paste it in and it will save it like this. So Hermes spaceconfig space set the name of the variable and then the value of the variable. Right? This saves it securely inside of the root hermes directory. So now when you do /clear and type in Hermes, it can use the key without loading it into context window. This is very important because it is not sending it to OpenAI. Right? So remember we're using GBD 5.5 which means every message we send goes to OpenAI API. If we were including that key, it's not secure because you know people working in OpenAI or if OpenAI gets hacked, your API key could be in there. But Hermes can actually build with it without seeing the API key. So I'm going to say check this to see if there are any keys in there. But it's a good to verify that Hermes can see it and can access the key and then we can actually proceed to the next step which is choosing a style and generating this full presentation. Beautiful. It contains 12 keys including open error API key. Amazing. So the next step is choosing the style that we want the full presentation or slide deck to be in. Now in terms of the styles, I think Mid Journey is absolutely unbeaten. Obviously, it's not as good in terms of edits and realism as GPT images too, but in terms of styles, like look at this, you know, it's amazing. So yeah, Midourney has so many different styles. You can just scroll through the explore page and find something that you like. I can go with this. So, I'm going to do copy image URL and I'm going to switch back into Hermes and say fetch this image from midjourney and save it somewhere on our VPS. Boom. Give it the URL. Let's see if it can do that or not. Hopefully, it can. So, it's writing some functions to figure out how to do this Python commands. Okay, there there was error here. Not good. But Hermes is very persistent. It doesn't like to give up quickly. Okay, there it is. So, it fails a couple of times. And I'm going to say explain why you failed a few times. Be concise. Okay. Because major CDN is protected by Cloudflare. I see. Okay. Create a skill for this. Now it can turn these learnings into a skill so that in the future it doesn't make the same mistakes and doesn't waste tokens on this. This is one of the biggest reasons why Hermes agent is the most popular AI agent in the world and it's number one on open router even surpassing OpenCloud. And we can actually check it here. Rankings. If we scroll all the way down here, you can see the top apps. Hermes agent number one, open claw number two. So yeah, there's a reason why Hermes agent is a number one because it doesn't give up and it solves things and it can automatically create skills out of the things it learns, right? So now what we can do is we can launch our first / goal. So I'm going to slall follow the opener image in skill. Use the imaginary image. Download it reference create a 15 slide presentation. Maybe I can lower that a bit so I can show you faster. Let's do five slide. You can easily do 50 slides if you want to, right? But I want to respect you guys time. Do not stop working until the full five slide presentation with text on each slide is finished. Boom. And here we go. We've launched / goal. And you can see after each turn, a judge model will check if the goal is done. Hermes keeps working until it is. You pause it or the budget is exhausted. Use goal status/go/go resume. So we can do /go status to check the status of the goal. And obviously it's reading the open our image generation skill we just created as well as the PowerPoint skill and it created a plan with four tasks on it. Okay. So danger just command I'm going to allow for this session. By the way, another pro tip inside of Hermes is you can do SL fast toggle on fast mode. For openi that means priority processing and froic that means uh you're going to be burning credits way faster. But I would definitely recommend you do this. Okay. So the first / goal finished running. It took 17 minutes. The goal was achieved. We have the five slide presentation. So I'm going to say show it to me. Boom. Show it to me. Just that it's saved as this file. We can actually probably give it the gra say like this is my SSH command. Tell me how to copy the file from VPS to my machine. There's like a protocol for that. But honestly, I forgot it. So I'm just going to ask her mess. Something like SSH but for copying files and uploading files. Let's see what it does though. It doesn't probably realize that I'm sshed in. It will probably try to show it on a VPS. I'm just going to interrupt it. Okay, this SCP, that's it. SCP. So, this is going to copy into your local directory, but it should honestly copy into CD documents. CD documents. Boom. PWD. This is the path. Change the command. So, the pptx goes into on my MacBook. It will give me the command. I'll just run the command, you know, in a separate terminal. But a pro tip, you can do command N when you're in a terminal to just start a new one. A lot of people kill it for no reason. Let's run this. Okay, we need to give the root password. Boom. Paste it in. There we go. And let's see how fast that is. It took like 1 second. All right. So, now let me uh open the folder in Finder. Oh, there it is. There's the presentation. Let's double click it. We don't have anything to show it. I'm just going to drag it to Google Drive and then open it in slides. Open with slides. Let's see it. Okay. So, did it follow the midjourney theme? I mean, you can see the resemblance. Damn. Okay. So, it's actual text. It's actually editable, guys. This is not just a images to generation. Aentic harness B drop model power model is the engine harness the vehicle. Okay, a model predicts harness makes it behave. That's true. And see this is editable presentation guys. The best answer often comes from the harness not weights. Okay, some of these things like here it's slightly misaligned but first shot. Okay, this slide is cool. Not bad at all. And this is only the first use case. The second one is even more impressive. We're going to use Hermes as the CEO and we're going to use Codex in the CLI as the CTO and Hermes is going to be orchestrating it in /GOLO and it's going to be deploying different COX agents to do development work. So this is completely revolutionary because you can use Hermes from WhatsApp, from Discord, from Telegram to do the work and you talk to the agent and the agent figures out how to deploy these sub agents to best build whatever you want. And again with /G goal, it can run for way longer. I'm talking 6, 12, 18, 24 hours or even more. It will run until the end desired result is not finished. So if you take away one thing from this video, it is to do a good job describing the end goal, right? The clear outcome of the goal needs to be something like tests passing or you have 10 new customers, something measurable. That is the thing to say build a great app. That's not measurable. You need to give it a clear goal. The judge can make progress. The judge can see, okay, are we progressing towards that or not? This is a secret of SL goal. Now, if you think this presentation was impressive, wait until you see what's coming because the second use case is going to be much more powerful. So, I'm going to start Hermes again. Fresh session. And actually, a lot of people don't realize that Hermes comes with this skill. Again, it comes with like 82 pre-built skills. Changes with every version, but look at this available skills, autonomous AI agents, cloth, code, codeex. It comes with a pre-built skill of how to launch and control AI agents in the Codex CLI. So we can leverage that by having Hermes act as the CEO and deploy Codex as the CTO to build any type of app you want. The beauty of this is that you don't need to have that technical knowledge because Hermes will have it. Hermes will stay in charge of the project. You just give it the main idea. So I'm going to demonstrate that live. So I'm going to do / goal and paste in my prompt. You are the CEO. Spawn two correct sub agents via the autonomous agents correct skill. CTO build a modern NexJS team weekly reporting app. So you give it like the rough overview. What is the clear outcome? Team members submit weekly reports with wins, blockers, plans, mood. CMO, build a B2B launch campaign, strategy document, free blog post, two goal emails. A clear deliverable here. This is the secret of goal. You cannot have a vague goal. Otherwise, you might as well just launch GBD 5.5 extended, right? Extra high. It's great, but it's not going to run forever. With goal, it really feels like it can run forever until it hits your goal. This is the most important part. Goal criteria. Both repost committed with all required deliverables. Then the CTO integrates the marketing blog post into the app. So this is the clear deliverable and now Hermes her is running. It's going to do whatever it needs to do to make this happen. So it started by reading the skill codex planned out six tasks and then it's h probably needs to authenticate because okay there it is. It's installing Codex, right? So it's installing Codex CLI by itself and it's probably going to copy its credentials to authenticate because I didn't like remember guys we didn't install COX CLI. We just connected Hermes to our CHB subscription and now Hermes probably tries to figure out how can I install COX CLI which it already did with my credentials so that I don't have to login again. This is going to be interesting if it handles it. So Hermes is delegating the task to probably a COX sub agent and it launched it with full auto mode. So not quite yellow mode but one step below that. And actually one more thing I want to show you is the sub goal. So just do / sub goal and you can add more criteria. So maybe like say make the app design like 1990s computer terminal. Boom. So anytime it's running you can give sub goals by refining it. So you don't have to interrupt it and launch a new goal. Okay. So Hermes has finished running. Goal achieved. Response explicitly states the work is done. List committed CTO CBO repose. Okay. So now what is the simplest way for you to show me these results given the fact I'm sshed into your VPS? Be concise. Just ask her mess. How can I see the results? Right. Maybe we can use the SCP again. Onvps CD. Okay, you can do the onvps things. Launch these localhost servers and give me exact commands to run. I can also give it back to Hostinger panel. Copy this. This is my SSH command because obviously this is a different session than the last one. So it doesn't know. Maybe it can save it into memory. Actually, it's not a bad thing. say, "By the way, store this into memory as the IP of your VPS. Remember it." All right. So, now we just do this, I guess, in a new terminal. Boom. Boom. It needs to root password again. Paste that in. And we are in. So, now we go to local 3000, I guess, in my browser. There it is. This is the app pools board. Learn the weekly reporting behind pools board interactive. Cool. So I could say, how can I check that the app has all of the qualifications of my original goal? We test something here. There's the CTO and CMO split. Okay, so the app works. The articles are not written. That's missing. Make your answer simpler and shorter. I'm not reading all that. The app/ blog. Let's check the /blog over here already. Okay, so this is like way too um congested text. Obviously, Codex is not the best at design. You know, use Opus 4.7 for design. GBD 5.5 is really great at refactors and solving complex issues but not front end. So I'm going to say are both repos on GitHub or just git. Okay, so there's just both local Git repos CO reporting app COB B2B launch campaign. So yeah, if we wanted to for up on GitHub, we would need to give Hermes personal access token if it's a private repo. If it's a public repo, then obviously just a link to the GitHub repo and you can do a PR. So let's look at the execution of / goal because I think that's the most fascinating how it started running the delegation here to the codex sub agent. You're the CTO import update. I did spawn the two codex CLI. Okay, this was a faster goal than usual. Usually this runs for multiple hours but this one completed fast. Maybe the outcome was too easy. Maybe should have asked for a more difficult app. But you get the point. If you give a clear outcome/goal will keep going. In fact, let me show you a few powerful use cases that people on Twitter have found. Starting off with this guy Kevin who use /goal. this time inside of clo code to basically build the mirrorless camera app from Canon which requires a paid subscription and he basically built the clone in under five minutes and again the thing is that I want to keep going until we have the built copy of the Canon webcam pro application connect my Canon R six so this is a clear definition of done it's knows that it needs to connect the Canon R six use this PC as a webcam it needs to look like a Canon webcam pro application so it will you know research what that looks like the UI the features of it and it will keep building until it's done you need to give it a clear outcome if you don't do that / goal is just to loop. This guy Ken Lee discovered a different use case. He uses /goal for data backfilling. So basically he ran Codex while he was sleeping. It ran for 3 hours. 16,000 nearly 17,000 records were backfilled saving him probably hundreds of hours of manual labor. And even if you have to code it with AI, still it could be a couple of hours. But with SL goal, you just define the end state what you want and it will keep going until it figures it out. So as you can see, the slash goal feature is very very powerful both inside of Codex and Hermes. And honestly, the best use case is using Hermes as your CEO and just have multiple Codex CLI sub agents spawn as the CTO. You can build basically anything as long as you clearly define what you want to happen. And doesn't have to be in software terms. It could be I want double my uh landing page traffic. I want to contact 20 new leads. Doesn't matter. It could be marketing related, business related, personal related, research related, code related. as long as you define a clear end outcome slashgoal will do whatever it can to get it there. And obviously you also want to set up your Hermes in the most powerful way because if you set up Hermes with all the tools, all the APIs, all the skills, all the MCPs you can give it, then goal can do more things. It will not get stuck. It will keep going. And to do that, I would highly recommend you join new society because in the New Society classroom, we have a brand new course called Hermes Mastery. Inside of this course, you get all of the resources to set up Hermes agent, give it its own server, connect it to GitHub, real business use cases, which includes a diagram with over 82 things that you can do today in your business with Hermes agent. We also have the Hermes agent toolkit with eight precise use cases that you can implement today of how to actually use Hermes agent um to save time and or to make money or both obviously. So, if you're serious about AI and you really want to set up the most powerful personal agent imaginable, make sure to join new society. Plus, if you join during the month of May, you get a one-time bonus, which we're only doing during May, a personalized GitHub audit of any repository you want. But again, this is only available to people who join the new society during the month of May. So, if you want us to go over your GitHub repo and get a personalized audit, make sure to join the new society now. It's going to be linked below the video. And by the way, just to remind you, all the resources from this video are going to be available in the second link below the video. Literally, all the skills, prompts, everything I show you is in that second link.