Guys, how's it going? In today's video, I have a case study showing you how a PDF shop, they just sell PDFs, made $744,000. Now, let's take a look. As you can see right here, this is an Etsy shop, okay? It's called Winky Won, cute name. They have 67,000 sales, okay? They've been around for 6 years. Now, if we use the Listing View tool, which estimates revenue, we can see it made approximately $744,000, okay? So, across 6 years, assuming every year they've been selling, that's basically six figures a year from PDFs. Now, if we scroll down, the all they sell, their whole store, is just $7 PDFs of resume templates that are editable with a cover letter, a image, and formats. As you can see, you can edit it in Canva, Word, Google Docs, and the Mac editor tool, as well. And again, this one's $8. So, $7 to $8. Scroll down for proof here. If we look, it's an instant download, so it's just a PDF file. And they sell nothing else but that. If I just browse a bit, we can see that's literally all they're selling. Okay, pretty crazy, simple store. And even to the reviews, like people are buying this stuff every day. 6 years later, people are still buying it, leaving five-star reviews. Look at this customer, April 13th, review, review, review, yesterday. Every day, people are buying and leaving feedback. And you know, it's a PDF product that actually helps out the market because, as we know, everyone has a 9-5, a job, and these resumes allow people to stand out and get employed. So, you're this PDF business is actually helping the workforce. I like PDFs that solve a problem, that help someone either get a job, lose weight, you know, make food, build a home. That's the beauty of this PDF business is it helps someone achieve a certain outcome. Now, this store is very broad. They sell all sorts of PDFs. Now, if you were starting in this niche, okay? Like look, if I open a tab here, on Google Trends, which is a tab that allows me to see the data, as you can see, across the world, people search in Google the last 5 years, we can see the term editable resume has been steadily going up every single year. So, 2022, three, four, five, and six. It's getting hotter and hotter. People are applying to jobs, and they need nice resumes. So, this is a healthy niche to get into. It will never be saturated. There's always going to be people that are buying CVs, trying out new CVs. So, there's room for you to get in, but I wouldn't recommend you to make a broad store like this that just generically sells um editable resumes or CVs. If you were getting into this, you'd want to niche down and be very specific, okay? So, me looking at this, I'll help you guys out right now, right? How would we break into this resume market, you know, and and make 700k on a store? So, I would Google most popular jobs in 2026. What are people applying to right now? What are they submitting their CV to? So, as you can see here, registered nurse is a pretty popular one, okay? If I go back to Google, even if I just type this in, registered nurse, last 5 years, people are always applying for nurses. So, if I were to get into this editable CV market, I would make a store just like this that's niched just for nurses. Even if I type in nurse resume template, we can see there's a few people, and the top sellers don't specifically say nurse template. Here's one right here. Here's one. There's a few. Here's one that's niched for nurses. So, here, nurse resume template, $3, best seller, made 1,600. I would make a store just dedicated to this. And the cool thing about this Listing View tool, based on what I search up here, anything under 100k is considered good, not too much competition for specifically for nurse resume template. Anything under 10k is even better. So, nurse resume template has 1,600. You can easily rank for this PDF if you were to just make a store around nurse-related uh resume templates, okay? Now, you may not be skilled in making resume templates. And also, AI may not be the best at doing that. Like I can just tell you guys, okay, go on tem- go on Canva and just take someone's template to make a resume uh product, but this is not good. You you don't do this, okay? You need to be creating your own products. You don't want to be copying. You want to build something from scratch. So, I'm going to show you guys how to use AI to make the visualization, the idea come to life, and then you're going to get deliver that to an expert who can build PDF for you. So, follow me here. Using the AI tool Kittl, I typed in resumes. By the way, if you want to use this tool and play around, link in description, but as you can see here, there's a bunch of templates that I could choose from that I can then just press use template and edit them. And I'd already did that. So, as you can see, here is a generic template, and I told the AI to make this a nurse-themed resume with hospital props as the vector icons. So, as you can see, this right here is just a picture. It's not a real editable um uh resume. It's just a mock-up to see what my idea looks like. In my head, I had an idea, and I made it visual using an AI design tool like Kittl. So, I'm going to take this now, and I'm going to bring it to an expert, okay? So, on this website, I've built a network of PDF experts. So, every single expert who sells knowledge, they can basically license that knowledge out into a PDF for you to sell and have the rights to. And I basically compiled a bunch of experts in all sorts of niches, cooking, education, weddings, real estate. So, all you have to do is pay them a one-time fee, and these experts will build them so they're proven to sell, and and it's easy. So, as you can see down here, this girl here is a corporate graphic designer. She builds PDF guides, worksheets, and templates. And as you can see, her quotes start from $55. So, I can pay her one time, and she'll build me an exclusively unique, let's say, nurse resume template that no one has seen before. It's specifically mine, and I would give her this to base it off of, right? So, my idea came to life with AI, and then I gave it to her, and then she would basically deliver that to me after talking with her, and she would deliver me the PDF, and then I'd be able to go out there and show up here on Etsy with my own unique product, okay? I'm outsourcing through my network of PDF builders an exclusive product, and AI is the design. I wouldn't suggest using AI to build the whole thing because it's very common that it may not turn out good, or, you know, it's not designed by a pro. There are certain products in the digital product and PDF world that you can't just use AI to build the whole thing for you, okay? And these kind of complex niches are the ones that if you can break into them, it's really profitable, and you can build a store like this one here that I showed you. The entrance barrier that requires a bit of money up front are usually going to be the most profitable versus niches where AI can do all the work for you. You'll have more competition. Still doable, but this is what's possible. So, this video is a case study to show you, you know, how much money a niche PDF store can make, and how you can break into it and be even more niche-specific and build something hyper-niched as a digital product business, okay? So, if you're interested in learning how to actually build a business like this that just sells PDF files, and maybe you want to have access to a network of experts like I showed you here, you can actually apply for the one-on-one, link in description for that, and that's the video.
