This AI rag sales agent is going to help me scale from 50K per month to 100K. It can take sales calls, answer questions, and follow up with leads automatically. It even remembers every conversation across text, voice, and email, so prospects never have to repeat themselves when they switch to a new channel. All powered by a rag database that uses your videos or product pages as the knowledge base. In this video, I'll show you the unique features that make this AI agent different, and more importantly, how to engineer these solutions yourself instead of just following another template. So, let's get started. I'm going to go over this entire automation. It's got several different pieces here. And just for some context, this AI sales agent is going to help me sell the new version of my content engine database, which is a content machine that I sell for $5,000. Now, one of the most important parts of this particular sales agent is how it is able to talk to various leads across multiple channels, whether that's WhatsApp or just straight SMS, whether it's Telegram or email or even through voice on a platform like Vappy. So, what sets this automation apart, and it's this little section here that allows it to work, is that it can talk with anybody across all of these different channels. And it will also remember that lead if they come in and start talking on a new channel. So, if they start a conversation with me on WhatsApp and then they jump over and make a call to my sales agent on Vappy or if they then continue that conversation on email, we'll have a record of the entire conversation, what their goals are, so we don't have to start the conversation over from scratch. And the way we do that is through this crossplatform session ID section here, which takes in all of the different inputs, whether that's email, WhatsApp, SMS, or Telegram, or any other channel you want to add here, and it analyzes the incoming request, because each of these systems here is going to send you something different. The actual information they send you when a message comes through is going to be different for each of these channels. So, you need some sort of system here that can track all of the incoming information and can normalize that data. So we have one unique identifier, usually their phone number, and then graduating up into an email once we have that information so that we can set a session ID that the AI agent can use over and over again in a consistent way. So if I jump over to WhatsApp to send a message here, I'm actually chatting through a Twilio integration that helps you set up WhatsApp. Makes it an easier process. I'm going to go here and wait for a message from WhatsApp. Hey, Stephen. So that's going to trigger the NAND automation. And as I mentioned, you're going to see that it goes through this section here. And if we were to look at the incoming WhatsApp message, you're going to see we have a body and a bunch of information around who sent the message and what number it's from. And again, this information is going to be different for each channel. And so that's what this code node does here. I'll open it up. It's not terribly difficult code, but essentially what it's doing is that for each individual payload that comes in, it's gathering the information from that platform and creating some unique identifiers. So we have this identifier here, which is the phone number. We have the chat input and we have the platform that it's coming from. So what we do here is we extract these three pieces of information and we use these same identifiers throughout our system and we map in the various channels whether it's from Telegram or WhatsApp or SMS into this format. So we can always use these variables here even when we have different platforms coming in with different information. And then what we do here is we're going to search air tableable. And I'm going to go more over this Air Table database in the future, but it's essentially searching to see if that lead already exists in the system. And it does. So you can see in this particular example, it was able to find the existing lead in Air Table. And because that lead exists, we were also able to extract its email and then we can continue the conversation using their email from their phone number. And so if we were able to look back here at the conversation, it's already picking up where it left off before. So let's go ahead and just delete this lead. And I'm also going to jump into Superbase. And I'll explain more about how this works in a few minutes as well. I'm going to go ahead and just delete all of the chat history so we can start from scratch. I will execute the WhatsApp message. And we'll start the conversation again. Hello. And we have the message coming through the system now. Now, this time it's going to come up to this agent here because we've deleted the lead. So, it hasn't actually created the lead yet before. And so, what we're going to see here is it responds back with, "Hey, thanks for reaching out so that I could best help you. Can you share your name, company, and email?" So, I'll go ahead and reset the trigger. So, it'll be waiting for our next message. And I'll go ahead and say, "Sure. My name is Steven SGP Labs." And then I'll provide my email just like that. Actually, I'm going to go ahead and leave my email off just so you can see something here. So, I'm going to go ahead and provide it that information. And then the automation is going to run. And the first thing that we're going to see is that we didn't provide the email. So, it's making sure that we have the email. And if we jump back over to Superbase and we refresh this, we're going to see that it is starting to maintain a chat history with me right now using my WhatsApp number as the session ID. So from here I can just respond back with my email and then the agent will then process the message again and again because it's not able to actually find a lead. It's continuing to go down this path until it has enough information to actually create the lead. And so now that we provided the email, we have the name, the company, and the email. It had enough to actually create the lead. And so now it's saying, "Hey, great. Thanks for that information. What made you reach out?" out. So now if we jump over to Air Table, we're going to see that the agent was able to create the lead with the information. So we have the first name and we are now tracking the email, we have the company name, and you can also see that we are keeping track of that WhatsApp number. So we can always use a phone number to look up the lead and then figure out what their email is because now that we can pull people up by their phone number, but also grab the email that's associated with it in our session management here. Once we're actually talking to a lead, we can then reference them by their email. Now, because the session is going to start using their email as the identifier instead of the phone number, there is one correction we had to make once we created a lead. So, remember each of these agents here is using a session ID to keep track of the conversation and it started with the phone number and then midway through we're switching to the email. So what we had to do is we had to make a simple call over to Postgress to update the existing conversation from their phone number to their email. So even though we started the conversation here and we were tracking the conversation with the phone number, we went into the database and we updated it to the email. So in our session management here when we do the search, when we look for the lead, we pass in their WhatsApp ID, which is how we find the lead, but then we return the entire lead with the email. And so this node here is able to return the email if it exists or return the phone number as it did in our original message. But now if we come back over to WhatsApp and I say I'd like to discuss your products. We jump back to the agent. Notice here when we come back and we look at the session ID after it responds. See here that it is now using the email address. So this simple code here is just returning the identifier from here which is going to be the phone number. If there is not a lead, if that we don't have an email, then it will just pass the phone number through to the agent and the session management. But if we did find the lead using that phone number and we have an email, then it will set the session ID based to the email and we can use the email for all future communication and session management inside of the system. And that's why you can see here in the Postgress database where we're managing the session, it's continuing to use the email as the session ID. And by the way, if you'd like to learn how to build these AI sales agents and voice agents from scratch, make sure to jump into the no code architects community. I already have an inn course that you can go through, but I'm also about to launch a new expansion for voice agents. And I also have a course on making money with AI that shows you how to build AI automation products like the one I sell for 5K. I'd love to see you there. All right. So, back here in WhatsApp and also in Air Table, I'm going to go ahead and just delete this existing lead so I can create a new lead that's coming from my personal email so that I can email my business email which is being monitored by this automation so that I can show you how we transfer the conversation from say text to email gracefully. So now I'm going to start the conversation again in WhatsApp. I'll clear this out just to make it more simple. We already went through this process, so I'll just skip to the response. And so again, this time I'm going to use my personal Gmail so that I can email from my personal email to my business email so that I can trigger things properly since I won't be able to send an email from my business to my business. So we'll come back over here. We should see the lead created here with the personal email. And now we have the response. Okay. So now we have communication. We have the lead. And now if I jump back into Superbase and we refresh now, we're going to see that we are tracking this new conversation with my personal Gmail. If we had checked just a second ago, it would have been the phone number again. But again, we we rewrite this after we get the lead created and we have the email. So now let's just say I had a product question. This time it has the lead. So it's going to go through this next AI agent here, which I'll explain in just a minute here. but just to keep pushing forward. So now what's going to happen is before the AI agent will answer questions from the rag database, it wants to understand a bit more about the lead. It wants to know what their goals are, what their number one blocker is, and so it's going to ask them a series of questions. Now, let's just say that for whatever reason, this particular user instead stopped using WhatsApp and then sent an email at a later time. So I'm going to come into my personal email, which I'm using right here. So this is how we're actually tracking the lead and I'm going to try to start up the conversation again. and I'm going to send it to my business email and we'll go ahead and send that through. And then once I see that on my business side, so we have that here. I'm going to come back over to my NAN automation and I'm going to trigger this section of the process which is what processes incoming emails. But before I do, you will see that this same process here maps into this same incoming chat interface which identifies the session ID and then continues to pass it to the proper agent on the back end. So, let's process the email. And there is some logic here that I'll explain a little bit more in depth later. And it's now processing the question into the chat. I'm going to have to jump over here to the current executions. And here's our conversation coming in. And we get the email and it passes through just as it did before. This time here, the unique identifier is going to be the email because it's coming from email. We don't have a phone number. And so, when it searches the lead, it's going to use the email as well. It finds the lead and then sets the session ID as the email and then it passes it back through to the agent. So, if we come back to my professional email, we'll see that the agent has already crafted a response and put it in drafts. Currently, I have it set to put into drafts so I can review it later. And you're going to see it picked off right where we left off. What is your main goal for your business right now? This will help me better serve you, which is right where it left off here instead of starting off here in this part of the process where it's asking for name, company, and email. Now, if the lead had started off from an email correspondence, it still would have gone through the qualifying process here where it creates the lead, except that it would have already had the email and the name and potentially the company. So, it would have been able to create that automatically in the step here and then proceed to the next step. So, just to demonstrate, I'm going to go ahead and send that off and then I'll get that on this side. So, now we have the reply. So now if I were to say I want to start an AI automation business, make 10K a month, and my biggest blocker is time. I could send that through. Once that comes back here, we can reprocess the email. Of course, this would run automatically, but I'm just triggering it for the demonstration here. It's going to process that email and then pass it back into the inputs. We can see that it ran here. It got the email and patched it through. The agent answered it and then it sent it back via email and it created the draft email. Come back to my business email. We can see we have the draft response. Hey Stephen, I did some quick research on the product and put this together for you. So based off of my goals and my blockers, it put together a basic response describing the potential products that might be a good fit and why. And then I could obviously send this back to myself on my personal email. Now again, let me show you here. If the conversation were to then go back to WhatsApp, we were to say, "Hey, can you remind me what you have for my business goal and main blocker?" So, we're just going to pick up the conversation from WhatsApp again. And we can see here it picks up right where we left off. For your business goal, you want to start an AI automation business and your main blocker is time. Your dream outcome is to make 10K a month. Does this sound right? How can I further assist you with your goals? And if we were to jump back to air tableable where we're tracking our leads and I'll explain more about why I'm using air tableable a bit later. We're also going to see that it is keeping track of the goal, the blocker, the dream outcome as well so that we can use that across platform. And on that note, I'm going to jump over to Vapy. I'm here in my sales agent. I'm going to go ahead and just call the agent as if I'm calling the number. And this will show you how even the voice agent can pick up mid-con conversation, understand the context of previous conversations, goals, blockers, and can continue to answer questions or even book a call or make a sale. &gt;&gt; It's Jason at SGP Labs, the creators of the content engine database and the noode architects community. I'm here to help answer product questions or to book a call to talk with Steven. Sound good? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, hey. I noticed you have reached out before. Just to confirm, your goal is to start an AI automation business. You want to reach $10,000 per month, and your main blocker is time. Is that still correct? &gt;&gt; That is correct. &gt;&gt; Great. How can I help? So, I'll show you more about how the voice agent works in just a moment, but I just wanted to show you how it's able to pick up mid conversation. And it's really cool how that actually works because in the automation here down here in this section when the call is started, Vappy sends a web hook over to this automation here which does the search for an existing lead by the phone number. And then if it finds it, it actually sends back and we can take a look. It actually sends that message that you just heard recapping previous conversations to Vappy and tells it to interrupt the existing conversation with the previous information that it has and getting them to confirm. Now, before I get into the rag database and the call injection that I just showed you with Vappy and sending in information in from the API, and I'll show you more about that when I actually book a call through the agent. I did want to talk briefly about why I use three separate agents. one for creating the lead, one for gathering the information related to their goals, and then another one to actually answer product questions. And the main reason behind that is because the more simple you make your agents, especially in Eden, the better they work. There's quite a bit of complexity in these three different agents. And if I spread out what their goal is into three different agents, each agent just performs a lot better. What I find when people are building AI agents, especially in NAN, when they stop working, it's usually because they become way too complex. And so by having a short system prompt that doesn't get too long and doesn't have too many edge cases and just has very simple instructions and often gives a bunch of different examples of how to actually interact with the person. Notice here I give a lot of different examples. Instead of trying to do a bunch of different rules, I give a bunch of different examples. I find that gives a much better performance for the agent and they get less confused and they make fewer mistakes. And so all I do is I have all of these incoming conversations. First they go through the session identifier and then they just simply go through this simple switch statement that sends the message to the proper agent whether it's to create the lead, whether it's to gather the details of what their goals are in their blockers or to answer product questions. And that'll allow us to transition nicely into the rag database where someone can ask specific product questions or ask for testimonials and the AI agent can use the rag database to answer those questions. So now I am using superbase to power the rag database. So here you can see all of the different documents and the vector embeddings for each piece of content here along with metadata. But I'm using air tableable in one unified system to define the products and store them here because it's much easier to manage your products here in air table because superbase just isn't that userfriendly in terms of managing information. The functionality is wonderful but in order to manage your CRM and manage your products and also manage additional information for your products air tableable is a lot better and I'll explain the process that I have here. So in the air table database here you can define your various products and this is not in-depth information. It's just the basic stuff the name of the product if there's any alternative names or abbreviations when people describe your products. For instance I have the content engine database but people often call it KDB or the content engine database or the content engine DB. So this just gives the AI agent some abbreviations or alternative names. a quick description, the price, the schedule, who the ideal client is, who a bad client is, and it also provides a lead magnet URL, which the agent can send to get people to move further down the funnel. It has a buy now URL, and it also includes a sales call link if that product allows you to book a call. So, the content engine database will allow you to book a call with me, but these other two products do not have links. So, the system will not allow anybody to book a call. Now, beyond the basic product information here, we also have a section here which allows you to upload specific documents. So, if I have testimonials or videos on YouTube that explain more about the product and the features, I can simply upload the video here and I've got a form here that I can fill out to upload a new document. I'll open the form here and fill it out. So, this is from a YouTube video. I can actually upload the video here. I can provide the source URL, the source ID. This will all become metadata inside the rag database that we can use to search. I can provide some context. So I can say this was a product demo. So I can describe what this video is about. And then I can attach it to a specific product. Now what's cool about this is that when I actually submit this on the back end here in this automation, we have this section here which is dedicated to the vector database. We have one automation here which will take the video and we'll transcribe it automatically and then it will drop that information back into the database. So if I come back here to documents, it will actually upload as an attachment the transcription. So this is from a testimonial and we can see the actual transcription. So when we upload those videos into Air Table, it's going to transcribe it for us and help us build out this and manage all of the content in a userfriendly way. And then once we have the transcript, it will automatically index it for us. And we can see that that happened. So I'll go ahead and submit this. Here in Nadn, we can see that we already have an automation running. It takes a few minutes to do that transcription, but here we can see that it finished and then it already indexed it into our rag database. So this automation ran first. It did the transcription and then as soon as it was finished, it indexed it into our rag database. If we were to jump back over to our documents here, we can see we have the new video has been transcribed. And we can also see we have the metadata here which can be used to answer product questions from this point on. And it's just much easier to manage all of your documents, the metadata from a place like Air Table and manage it. And I can refresh the rag database at any time. So if I delete these videos and I just want to start fresh. It's very easy for me to just uncheck these and then they will automatically index again. So we can see here if we come back and we say, "Okay, cool. So, can you give me specific information on how KEDB works with video agencies? That's going to come back through the system again. It's going to match up the session ID. Then, it's going to map it through the product questions. I'll zoom in a bit here. We can see it working with the vector search. And then, it's going to go ahead and respond back to the user. Now, one thing I should also mention here briefly as well is that you can notice that all of these agents, no matter what source they came in from, all map back out into a single switch and then back out to the appropriate channel. So, if it came in on WhatsApp, it's going to go back out on WhatsApp because the chat input here is keeping track of the platform. So, whatever platform it comes in on, I'm able to map it through back on out to WhatsApp. And so now you can see it came back with information on the content engine database specifically for video agencies and it included some testimonials from people that actually run video agencies. Now one thing I did want to mention that's pretty cool about this system here is that I integrated short links into the system. So, anytime we send a message and it has a link because if you remember back in the product database here, we have links in the database for specific lead magnets or buy now URLs and then also in the documents themselves, we have these source URLs. So, if I were to ask, can you give me links to testimonials I can watch? What it's going to do is the automation is going to run, but it's going to send that message through this node here, this workflow, which is going to take all of those long links, and it's going to convert them down to short links that are more appropriate for sending messages like SMS and WhatsApp messages. Because if it sent this big long school URL on your phone, it's going to look pretty bad. So, what you can see here is that it's converting all of those longer links into short links that will automatically take you directly to it. So, it's giving back three testimonials that is all derived from the videos that we added to our documents in the CRM that were then translated into the rag database. So, if I were to click on one of these, it's going to take me directly to the actual testimonial here in school. All right. All right. So now let me show you how you would book a call either from a text message and it would work the same again of course on email but also how it works a bit differently when you try to book a call directly through a voice agent because there is a small difference which is pretty cool. All right. So if we're here and we're chatting with the agent, we can see what the back and forth looks like. Now the agent has some information about us which is great. They already have our email. So it's going to make the process of booking a call quite a bit easier. But one of the things I do before letting someone book a call is I do let them know what the price of the content engine database is, just so I can say, "Hey, before scheduling, assuming this helps you achieve your goals of starting your business and making 10K per month by saving time, does that fit into your budget? I just want to make sure that this isn't just someone that just wants to call and then when they find out that it's 5 grand, they're like, "Oh my gosh, like I only have a hundred bucks." So then I can say, "Yes, that fits into my budget." So now one of the things that I do to make things a bit easier is that I go ahead and I look for times over the next couple of days to offer them. Oh, and there is one other question that I ask here as well before we book. I just want to make sure that they're ready to go. Assuming this works for them, are they ready to start this week or next just so that if they are just trying to get information and want to start this 3 months from now, it's probably better for them to book a call at that time. So I'll say yes, I'm ready. So, what I was saying here was once they want to book a call, I usually look for spots over the next couple of days instead of just letting them pick a time and a date. It's better to get them to book within the next couple of days. And that also cuts down the complexity of trying to book a call. So, now it's just trying to figure out my time zone so I can provide the times in the right time zone. All right. And so, from here, we can just pick a date and time. So, we'll go with November 6th at 2:00 p.m. Come watch the agent handle that request. map the session ID, have the agent work on it, was able to book the time. We can see that that's coming through and the agent went ahead and responded back that the email was sent, and there it is with the Zoom link. All right, so now let me show you the experience if you try to book a call directly through the voice agent because it works a bit differently or I designed it differently to make it more intuitive for the user. And I do this because it's often hard to negotiate with an AI agent on email. It misspells things or just it's clunky going back and forth on different times. So, just take a look at this experience that I designed that works a lot better. &gt;&gt; Hey, it's Jason at SGP Labs, the creators of the content engine database and the No Code Architects community. I'm here to help answer product questions or to book a call to talk with Stephen. Sound good? &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Great. How can I help? Do you have a question on how to better achieve your goal or about our products? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I had a product question. I'd like to book a call. &gt;&gt; Happy to help with that. Could I answer any questions up front before we book? If not, just let me know which product you're looking to book a call about. &gt;&gt; No, I I would just like to book a call regarding the content engine database. &gt;&gt; Got it. I'll send the booking link to your phone number ending in 7055. Does that work or would you prefer a different number? &gt;&gt; That works. &gt;&gt; I just sent the booking link to your phone number. Go ahead and open that link. Pick your date and time and let me know when you're done. I'll wait here for you. &gt;&gt; All right, I'm doing that right now. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Take your time. Let me know if you run into any questions. &gt;&gt; All right, I just sent it in. Do you see it? &gt;&gt; Great news. Your call is confirmed for Friday at 1 p.m. You're all set to go. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Goodbye. &gt;&gt; And also, let me show you this automation as well. This is how the Vappy Voice agent knew that I booked the call even though that happened outside of the call altogether on my computer. Once the booking was made on cal.com, it triggered this web hook which then allowed me to make an API call back to Vappy using the control URL which allowed me to send in the context of when the meeting was booked so that the Vappy agent could say, "Yeah, I can confirm that your call is set for Friday at 1:00." Now, one other part of the system I wanted to mention was how we process emails. Because not only do we classify it into product questions, which runs it through the AI agent, but I also use this as a spam filter. And I do that just to make sure to maintain a very clean inbox. Basically what it does is it just checks to make sure if that person is a previous contact of mine or not. And I really simplify the whole spam process because I find a lot of spam still gets through the Gmail process. So I basically just make sure that if they're not in my contacts and if it is not a product related question then to go ahead and just move it out of my inbox. I have another section where I can filter through other email later. If it's not a product question and if it's not somebody that I know, it just automatically moves it out of my inbox and I process it later. Now, if you're interested in learning how to build complex AI sales agents just like this, they can remember the conversation across multiple channels, ask about client goals, answer product questions from a dynamic rag database. Make sure to jump into the no code architects community. I've already got an NAN course, but I'm expanding it for AI sales agents and Vappy Voice agents. We've also got a course here on how to build out your own $5,000 AI automation products just like the one I sell for myself. It's an engaged group and we promise to solve 100% of all of our members tech questions. I'd love to see you inside the community. Either way, I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you on the next