So, I generate AI images, and then I sell them for cash. Guys, come to my laptop. Let's take a look at last month's earnings doing that. As you guys can see, last month just shy of 20,000 selling AI image files. Refresh show it's real looking juicy. So, everybody and their dog wants to know, "How are we selling AI generated images for cash?" Look, very simple process. We make a design with AI. We list it on Etsy, and it sells while you sleep. Pretty straightforward. And that process, you do it once, and then it sells over and over and over again. Just selling image files. No inventory, no shipping, no customers, none of that. It's pretty peaceful, right? Now, guys, we call this the printable and digital design market, okay? This market of people buying images online and printing it out for their own projects and purposes is a multi-billion-dollar market, guys. This is data directly from Google, okay? First of all, just on Etsy, you got 10 billion in digital download revenue. And we have 72 billion projected wall art market by 2028. Because, guys, a lot of the images we sell, people will print those out. Maybe they want it on their wall. Maybe they want little icons for, you know, event planning, for wedding uh invitations, for anything, right? And then you factor in close to 100 million people on Etsy looking for printables and searching, and they're buyers in this space. So, guys, there is a lot of space in this market. Don't assume no one's buying it. Don't assume it's saturated. Don't think like that, okay? And these people, when I say AI images, right? An AI image, what is that? This is specifically, we call this clip art, okay? PNG images and SVG files. These are ready-to-use. People can print these directly, like I said, on tablecloths, on even T-shirts, napkins. They can be cake toppers. They can be on invitations, anything, right? They buy the file, and then they go do their craft artwork in person. We're catering to this market. We're supplying them with designs and they're happy for it, right? So, I'll give you more examples. Craft projects, right? Cricut machines, stickers, scrapbooking. These people need designs. So, we're supplying that by generating it with AI. Small businesses need logos and icons. Where are they getting little logos and icons? These are the little clip art and PNG icons. We are supplying that. T-shirts and apparel, right? Even to put designs on t-shirts. How are they getting those designs? We're supplying the demand by generating these images, right? And like I said earlier, events, planning. All those invitations need designs and icons. Where are they getting it? We're supplying that market. Every one of these people needs to be supplied with designs and PNGs. That is the gap because people need artwork and people who can supply it, right? It's why we exist. We're filling the market by generating these designs. And guys, this is a never-ending gap. There's always going to be a need for these designs. Your job is just to have creativity and get involved, right? Now, before you guys run to the comments and be like, "Oh, can't they just make it themselves for free using AI?" They could, but the reality is no one does that and there's proof to show you that, right? Another We'll use the analogy, right? Like you can grow vegetables yourself, but people still buy vegetables at the grocery store. Doing it yourself for free, you don't feel confident. There's a There's a whole learning curve to doing that and you don't think it's good enough, right? When you do it. But when you buy a finished product, people are paying for the convenience, okay? It's an instant download. It looks pretty. They're buying for a finished result and time saved. At the end of the day, that little idea of convenience by spending some money and getting it faster than you figuring it out is a billion dollar market. So in a nutshell, a billion dollar market is convenience, right? So, really straightforward process, guys. You generate something with AI, you list it, you let it sit on Etsy, and it sells. Really straightforward, okay? You use AI to make a cute image, you put on Etsy with good keywords and SEO, and then it makes sales. And you do this work once for one listing, because a digital file has no inventory, no fulfillment. Every sale basically is pretty much pure profit. Your only cost is the monthly cost of the AI tool when you think about it, and a bit of Etsy seller fees, and that's it, right? This is a creativity business. You come up with the idea, AI does everything else. You don't need to be a designer, you don't need tech skills, coder, none of that, okay? You just have to know what to make. I'm going to show you how I personally do it, cuz for me to build this kind of business to 10k, 20k a month, I needed a system on what to sell, what AI images are backed by data, and I'll show you what I did, it's pretty cool. So stay stay tuned for what I'm going to show you guys, right? And by the way, I choose Etsy because Etsy has the buyers. There's close to 450 million people visiting Etsy every single month. It's the second biggest marketplace website right behind Amazon, guys, okay? And there's And out of that, you have an active 100 million people buying products like digital downloads and images every single day. 24/7, people are searching for these products, buying. So when you put it up there, it's pretty much working for you 24/7. You don't have to do any labor. You can step away from your laptop, you can chill, and you can, you know, be with your family or whatever it is you want to do in your day, right? And the beauty of this is once Etsy figures out, based on your SEO, assuming you have good SEO, who your your your buyers are, you start getting free traffic. You don't need to run ads at one point, which is pretty beautiful, okay? So in a nutshell, selling AI images is probably the closest thing to getting paid while you sleep, right? So, now I'm going to show you what I built and how I scaled. So, as you can see, the biggest thing to profit on images is capitalizing on trends. So, I created this seasonal clip art calendar, okay? So, I know exactly which holidays are coming up. We got New Year's, Valentine's, St. Patrick's, Easter, Mother's Day, graduation season, Father's Day, 4th of July, back to school, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas. I know exactly what to sell. So, look, we have 4th of July as I'm posting this video, we have 4th of July coming up. So, following my calendar, I know exactly what AI images to generate. You see, I'm basing all my decisions on data, and that's why I'm always crushing it in sales. So, as you can see with my I generated this this calendar with AI as well. And as you can see, it's telling me the colors to go for. It's telling me when to list it, as you can see. And you can see here it's saying by now as of right now, a month in advance, start listing 4th of July AI images. So, examples of clip art that would sell, American flag, fireworks, patriotic stars, firecrackers. Look, if I go on Etsy and I type in 4th of July, see look, it it shows up PNG. Here are the products I would be generating with AI in seconds. We got this duck. We got We got all sorts of things, honestly. Celebrating 250 years, America. We have some more proud USA designs. Even though these are $1, look, this this listing is a dollar and literally it went from zero to 1,700 a month, pretty much in profit on a $1 item. Isn't that crazy? Or this one. $4 PNG, okay? And this thing in 1 month scaled to $556 a month. And people are buying this. A few days ago, someone's very happy. They're printing it out. Look, they're printing it out themselves. So, we're supplying that demand, right? Here is a duck that's Americana themed. This also just started by seller, $3 revenue. Not that well, but it it's still selling. So, it shows you all I'm doing each time is following this demand. Okay? And then look, back to So, this is my this is what I do. So, back to school. I can come back up I'll write in back to school. Right? I'm basing all my AI image decisions on trends. So, in advance, I will make a bunch of back to school images. So, by the time we enter, right, that August to September back to school trend, I'm ready to sell clip art such as pencils, teachers' apples, backpacks, things people will need. And guys, another buyer I forgot to mention is um teachers are going to need to supply their classroom with pretty visuals, um homework sheets, study guides. They have to make it look all pretty. So, as you can see, we have all sorts of products here that are selling, right? Here is one here, "Later First Grader". Here is one. This is a cool one for first grade back to school products. The As you can see, it's a PNG, $3 and in 2 months scaled up to 1,700 a month pretty much passively. And if we look here, some of these stores do really good. In about 1.5 years, the store made 25,000 sales selling PNGs. That's $187,000, guys. Selling simple image files, dumb image files generated with AI. So, all we have to do, this is my strategy, is just you just ride each trend. Okay? And then the same thing. A month a month before Halloween, I'll make Halloween stuff, which will sell really well. And then Thanksgiving, and then Christmas, and then back to New Year's, Valentine's, boom, boom, boom. It prints and repeat. This is the formula that I use to scale a image business selling images passively up to 5K a month, 10K a month, 15K a month, and then 20K a month. It's a whole process, right? And it shows you what's possible, right? I mean, it's pretty crazy how much you can make selling simple PNGs. Now, guys, I'm actually hosting a free training showing you how you can automate this whole thing in a done-for-you format, okay? Selling these images, leveraging trends like this, so you know what to sell. If you guys want to see how you can basically have most of the work done for you, and you can learn how to sell these PNGs basically on autopilot, check the link in description. It's a free training I'm hosting. I'll show you exactly how to do this. And that's pretty much the video, guys. So, yeah, if you want that training, link in description, guys. Pleasure.
