>> What is up legends? It's Mark here. We're live, baby. What's good? How we doing? How we feeling? We have a great live today. Easiest ways to make 10K per month ranked tier list. Let's have a good time today. Y'all know the drill. Let me know where you're listening in from today and then we'll get right into it. I want to see your chat popping, active. And let's have a good time. Nick, what's up? We got Cam. Cheque. Troy. Uh Dylan, what's good? Live from the gym. Got to love it, bro. Getting a pump and listening to Mark Builds Brands. I mean if that ain't on brand, I don't know what is. Only appropriate place to view my live. What up? What up? What is up with the adpocalypse? Everybody getting cooked? Join the club. No, I'm just kidding. We're just fine, honestly. It's all in your head, you know. It's all in your head. Oh, Neils, that's good to hear, bro. Good to hear. Ireland, we got Sweden. Twizzy. Switzerland, Chile. San Francisco, Norway, Brazil. Marco, run more ads. Run more ads, bro. Run more ads. Who's ready for new Twizzy this weekend? Hm? On Friday? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. All right, guys. Let's go ahead and get into it. I'm going to be ranking a bunch of different ways in terms of how easy they are to make 10K per month. And then if I have a little bit of time at the end, we will do a quick Q&A. Now just to do the whole disclaimer Making 10K a month is simple. But if you think people are going to just do for you, it's not going to happen, all right? Turns out making 10K a month that actually just take a little bit of work. I know. So if you're not going to put in any ounce of work, you can click off this video. But let's go ahead and get into the ranking. All right, first up on the list we have day trading. So this is coming from somebody who has tried many of these himself and also has not tried some of these himself. Um I haven't personally done a lot of day trading myself. I have done swing trading and I have made some money doing it. And then I lose it right after I make it. So I'm definitely not the guy to talk to >> >> about day trading. But in terms of easiest ways to make 10K per month, day trading depending on of course your I mean we all know when it comes to trading, the majority of your success just comes down to following a good system and having discipline. It's such a mental game in the same way that most things on this list are a mental game, right? You're going to test stuff, it's not going to work, you're going to fail, you're going to lose money. But how good is your ability to bounce back as if nothing happened? There's a quote from um uh who is this guy? Leader of the UK way back in the day. Uh Churchill. Uh he used to say that success is going from failure to failure without a loss of enthusiasm. I remember when I was getting into ecom, I was like success is going from product to product without a loss of enthusiasm because putting all that work into one product or in this case putting all that work into specific trade and then not seeing it happen. How quickly can you bounce back to baseline? That is such an underrated thing. But anyways, with day trading for me personally, the people that I know that are making money day trading I'm going to put this one in the B tier. I think that it's not super duper easy to do. Um generally speaking. But like most things, if you have the discipline to be able to stick to yourself stick to your process, then it can be a good way. All right, moving on. We have TikTok Shop. So TikTok Shop really started really started popping 2023, 2024 and even a little bit last year 2025. And I'm going to view this in the context of like TikTok Shop affiliate, which is you or you know, your AI agents making videos, posting them on TikTok and getting paid when you make affiliate revenue for another brand. This has absolutely positively gotten more difficult. TikTok Shop in general has gotten more difficult. Just how I always say that there's a massive window of opportunity with AI, there's also a massive window of opportunity with TikTok Shop. And I believe that we have mostly passed the stage where it's quote unquote easy to make money with TikTok Shop. Naturally, as things get larger, as it gets more traction, it becomes more difficult for you to make money with it. So if this was me filming this video in like 2023, I'd probably put this at S tier. Um now I'd probably put this one rated A tier. And the reason why is because you mostly just need to be good at one thing. You'll see some other things on this list. There's a bunch of different skills that you need to be able to make 10K per month. But with TikTok Shop, if you just make really good content, you make really good videos that's the majority of what you need to to legitimately make money. Now of course easier said than done when it comes to making those videos. But for that reason, I'm going to be putting TikTok Shop in the A tier. Still still popping, still doing hard still doing well, but it's nowhere near where it used to be, you know, just a few years ago. All right, let's move on to the next one. Branded drop shipping. For those of you that don't know, this is a lot of what I do. I mean I have uh brands at this stage, you know, not um many brands that I have were no longer drop shipping because I always view drop shipping as not a business model, it's just a fulfillment model. It's a way for you to ship your product to your customers without having a 3PL, without having to develop your own products. It's just a fulfillment model. It's not a business model. Absolutely positively not a business model. With that said how easy is it to make money with branded drop shipping? Well, if we compare this to other things, by the way, I'm going to I'm going to do my best to be as impartial as humanly possible. Obviously I'm going to be bullish on ecom. I'm going to be bullish on branded drop shipping. And there's a reason for that that I'll explain. But with branded drop shipping, if we look at it in an in an unbiased manner, what I see is you do have to learn you have to learn a few skills. You have to understand copy. You have to understand creative. You have to understand media buying, ads. And you have to understand CRO. You have to understand how to build landers that actually convert, funnels that maximize your AOV. That's a few different skills. But the beautiful part about that is if you're really, really good at one specific skill, your ability or or your need to be good at all of those is significantly reduced. And what I'm speaking about is AI because you do not need to have as like savage of a direct response copywriting background if you properly understand the fundamentals and how to use AI to multiply that. AI is a multiplier. If you have a good base of DR, if you have a good base of media buying, if you have a good base of CRO, AI is just going to amplify that 10x. So I genuinely believe that there has never been an easier time to get started in ecom than right now simply because of where we are with AI. And the guys that are legitimately running AI, which is me, we know this very clearly to be true. You can build landing pages with phenomenal copy, phenomenal images, product mock-ups, everything start to finish in like under an hour and it looks incredible and it converts if you know how to use AI properly. So, in terms of barrier to entry, it has never been easier. But, it's not the easiest thing on the planet still. I do believe it's the best, okay? So, again, this video is easiest way to make 10K per month. To get to 10K per month with e-com, let's just say roughly 30K per month revenue, 30% margins, right? That would get you roughly to 10K per month in profit. I think e-com is the best vehicle and the reason why I believe that, I can I can debate this against almost anybody, but the reason why I believe this is because of the power and control it gives you. Meaning, some other things on this list, for example, SMMA, you're always a slave to your clients. You're serving other people. One client that's paying you like 5K per month, let's say, they could drop you overnight with zero rhyme or reason. And that's minus 5K per month coming into your bank account every single month. If you look at something like copywriting or like AI copywriting, same exact thing. You're serving other people. You don't actually own anything. Now, granted, maybe it's a little bit easier for you to get to 10K per month, but in terms of getting from 10K to 30K or 30 to 50 or 50 to 100, just owning a business where you have control over everything from the creatives, the ads, the media buying, your customers, your traffic channels, your back end, everything is within your control. I believe it's the best model. Is it the easiest? No. I don't believe it's the easiest, but I do believe it's the best if you want to structure your life in a way where you're optimizing for freedom. Because for me, that's always been my goal. It's always been about freedom. I never really cared too much about acquiring a bunch of material things, even to this day. I have some nice material things, but they don't own me. >> >> At the end of day, we're all going to die and all of the material possessions are not going to make it with us to wherever we go next. So, I don't care a whole lot about that. I care about freedom and I do believe that actually having a business where you have control over every aspect of the business is the best way to grow. Now, for this one, I'm going to put this one in the B tier. Getting to 10K per month, I mean, with e-com, you have to do 1K per day. All right, so that's like 20 orders per day, 30 days in a row. It's not anything super duper crazy. It is simple, but it's not easy. Um by the way, if anybody's watching this video right now and you want to get started with AI, specifically using AI, not using AI like a but using AI intelligently, go to my Instagram and DM me the word zero. I built this full freaking however many page document that walks you through exactly how to go from zero to 1K per day. So, if you want that, just go to my IG, it's @markbuildsbrands. DM me the word zero and I'll send it over to you. All right, let's move on. Next up on the list, we have the AI agency. So, I think AI agencies are are relatively solid model for you to make 10K per month, but it entirely depends on who you're trying to get as a client. Um I I think that the AI agency model mostly peaked around last year when N8N started to get like a ton of hype. Because, let's face it, if you use tools like N8N, uh it's a >> >> I set up a bunch of N8N workflows myself and then I ended up hiring people, multiple people in multiple uh brands of mine that their sole job was to build AI uh with my supervision. And we built a lot of really cool but now I build it all myself either using Claude code, code work, or open claw. So, I think like the people that actually kind of are plugged into the AI space, they know, similar to uh branded drop shipping, the barrier to entry is becoming lower and lower and lower. To the point where even if you know very little about AI, you can build simple automations that you would otherwise pay an AI agency for. So, you have to be very, very specific about who you're going to go after. If it were me and I were going to go and build an AI agency, I would be going directly to brick-and-mortar businesses. I would be going to the guys that are like they're still trying to figure out organic social media marketing, let alone building like AI automations and agents to help them run their stuff. If I try to go to people that are already really plugged in in the AI space, they're going to know, like they can just build this stuff themselves. It'll take half the time and it'll cost them virtually nothing. So, in terms of getting to 10K per month, I think it's good, not great. I would put this one personally >> >> I mean, At the end of day, it's also an agency. So, >> >> I have said it before, I'll do a lot of things, I would never want to run an agency. I would never enjoy running an agency at all. And this is this is like a canon event for most agency owners, by the way. You'll notice most agency owners, they don't stay agency owners. Isn't that interesting? Because as soon as they get good, what happens is they make these brands, these these other businesses all this money or they save them all this time and they get paid a fraction for it and get zero of the credit. It's the same thing with copywriters. As soon as a copywriter gets really pretty good at writing copy, he realizes, I just made this brand, I just made this offer so much money and I got paid like 2% of it. And then they go towards starting their own offer, running their own brand, or whatever it is. It's like that's why I'm so bullish on e-com cuz all roads lead there anyways. You may as well just, you know, what do they say? Like eat the frog and just go straight to actually owning your full business. So, for going to 10K to 10K per month from zero, I would put a AI agency probably around the B tier as well. It's all just going to come down to like building the stuff fulfillment, I think with AI is is really pretty simple. It's just going to come down to being really creative with your client acquisition, you know, whether that's sending like personalized looms, doing mass DMs, cold email, uh you know, running paid ads. That's going to be the trickiest part for you because the fulfillment with AI is very simple. But, as we see AI develop more and more, it's just going to become like more business owners like myself are waking up to the fact that we don't need to pay agencies for this We can just do it ourselves. And it doesn't take time. This is the super opinionated bit video, by the way, if you can't tell. It's going to be a lot of you guys that disagree with my list. Cool, make your own list. All right, let's move on. Next up is crypto. Oh boy, crypto. I love my crypto trading, man, but I can't say it always loves me back. I really can't. It's unfortunate. I think crypto for me, um every time I get into it, it's just a shiny object and I make a good amount of money and then I lose the majority of it and realize that I would have made more money if I was just focusing on my own I was focusing on my own business instead of having shiny object syndrome. So, now for me personally, I use crypto as more of a long-term vehicle, hedging against inflation, and having a few uh passive income related strategies associated with crypto. But, if you're trying to use crypto as an inflow, as something that makes you income from zero, that's difficult. To go from zero or like a hundred or a thousand dollars to netting 10K per month with crypto as a total beginner, I would I would never recommend that really to anybody. I think the people that are making the most with crypto are the ones that are they already have a lot of capital set aside. You know, like you can make 10K per month if you invest, you know, half a million or a million dollars into crypto very, very easily. But, if you only have like 1K set aside or a few thousand dollars set aside, getting to 10K per month, I would not I would not recommend that at all. And once again, you're not really building something that's yours. You still are putting your ability to make money outside of your control. Another reason why I'm so bullish on just building something that is entirely your own. If you build a brand, it's it's not going anywhere. Doesn't matter what crypto's doing, it doesn't matter what the markets are doing. All that matters is that you're acquiring customers and you have a good CAC to LTV, right? You're acquiring customers for roughly 1/3 of what you're getting in terms of LTV from them in return. Right? Three to one LTV to CAC. So, for that reason, dude, I would put crypto very low if it were me. As like an active income model, I would probably put this in the D tier. I would rather day trade than I would trade crypto. All right, next up on the list, we have uh we'll just call it like SMMA brand scaling. It's all the same Immediately, I'm I'm against agencies, as I've said. I think SMM Guys, you you have to understand the the stage of sophistication with these various business models. SMMA started to get popular in like 2017 when Tai Lopez was launching an SMMA offer. He was like the first dude to really really destroy with like mass market biz off regarding SMMA. So, if you think in terms of sophistication of that market, it's been what is it? 9 years from 2017? That's actually crazy. It's been 9 years. 9 years of sophistication, 9 years of more and more people flooding into this market. Now, you could probably make the same argument for for drop shipping. Branded drop shipping I would say is more like 2021 22 even like 2024. But, SMMA has been around for so freaking long. Like I I remember watching videos on SMMA when I was 18 years old. That was that was a 2018. So, generally speaking, the more sophisticated the market, the more difficult it's going to be to make 10k per month. And also everything that I already said about why I don't like agencies also applies to brand scaling slash SMMA except you're not really using AI as much as you should to, which makes it even worse. So, for that reason, I'll put this one in the C tier. SMMA. All right, next up. Next up on the list we have copywriting. You could also call it like AI copywriting, freelance copywriting, copywriting in general. So, what's happening with copywriting right now as somebody who learned copywriting many years ago as well and still practices it to this day, it is getting commoditized by AI faster than you could ever understand. It was one of the first things in regards to AI that got commoditized because the first real incredible um development of AI is LLMs, is ChatGPT launching in 2022. And the reason that that like shook everybody up and worked so well with copy is because it's a text-based model. It's a large language model specifically for getting really good quality text outputs for the inputs that you give it. And so it got commoditized the fastest. Like if you compare like video editing for example to copywriting, granted one is way more valuable, copywriting of course, but one is also way more easily commoditized by the developments of AI. And I know you're saying, "Okay, Mark, what about AI copywriting? Isn't that Isn't that better?" And it is better. It is definitely better, but it's still the same issue. Once again, business owners are already quickly realizing that they can set up agents that write the copy for them in the same way that I have it for myself. So, is it still possible to make 10k a month? 100%. You can go and sell business owners that have no idea about AI, how to use it, copywriting. You can probably still make them some money and get paid a nice solid retainer from them. >> >> Would I recommend this long term? No, because it's only going to get worse. And by worse, I mean it's only going to be easier for you to write really really good copy with the help of AI. We see that with every single additional update from from Claude specifically because Claude is king or Claude is king in general now, bro. But, Claude is king especially when it comes to uh copywriting. Now, I will say this. There's always room for the best. If you gen If you genuinely understand copywriting at a deep level and you have a good freaking track record, I believe that you can legitimately you you can make a lot more than $10,000 per month. I mean, you could charge I mean, there've been times where you can charge $20,000 for a VSL, $40,000 for one VSL. And that could take you, you know, one or two weeks for you to put that together. But, once again, more business owners, especially smart ones, they are picking up to the fact that they don't need to pay copywriters that anymore. Like I would never pay a copywriter to write a VSL for me, to write ads for me anymore because I have agents that do the majority of my copy now. I have somebody that manages the agents, granted, but that person already has a really good understanding of direct response foundationally. So, copywriting is something that's super duper close to me, man. Like I don't want to I'm not knocking copywriting at all. Um I think it's actually the foundation of being able to make money online with a business, period. Because if you learn copy, it's very different from like learning media buying. You learn media buying in like 2018, you know how to run ads, but you don't know how to create ads, which now we know the creative is king. Creative is the one of the the biggest levers you could possibly pull in your business, second to only maybe your funnel, which of course your funnel is also just copy. So, like if you don't have a good understanding of copy and you're just expecting AI to do it for you, uh you're going to get cooked. Like the reason that my AI strategies regarding copy works so well is because I already had this underlying uh really good understanding of copywriting. If I didn't have that initially, I would just be spitting out dog level copy. But, I don't I don't do that. I don't have to worry about that. One of my brands we're basically using 100% copy that was written by AI, 100%. All of it. >> >> And guess what? It's working. And so once again, it's getting commoditized and the window of opportunity is closing and it's closing fast with how quickly AI is evolving. So, for that reason, as much as I love you, Mr. Gary Halbert, prince of print, um as a vehicle to make 10k per month, I would probably put this one dude. I mean, you still also have to worry about like client acquisition and that's going to be the biggest factor that's going to lead you to either making 10k per month or not making 10k per month. It's not going to be your ability to write copy. That'll get you from like 10k to 50k per month because you can start to rely on like referrals and other things, but initially you just you just have to get clients. So, I would probably put this one in the B or the C tier. Uh let's say if it's AI copywriting, I'll put it in C. If it's regular copywriting, I would put this Sorry, in B. If it's regular copywriting, I would put this in the C tier. All right. Next up on the list, blue collar work or working in the trades, going to trade school and getting a job as a blue collar worker. Bet you didn't expect this one on the list, huh? But, I would put this one very high immediately because we're talking about the easiest way. As we see more As we see more demand for what I call like knowledge work, which is we'll say mostly white collar work, uh the demand for blue collar jobs is not going away. So, you can easily go to trade school and get a job as an electrician or plumber and be able to make six figures. I think this one is genuinely underrated. But again, is that the life you want to live? This video is about the easiest way to make 10k per month. So, it's irrelevant of if you want to have like financial freedom, if you want to grow something really big, if you want to go from 10k to 30k to 50k per month, it's not taking into consideration any of that. So, with that said, I would put this one in the A tier. Who would have thought, dude? What a What a full circle moment, huh? I'm putting a job in the A tier of easiest ways to make 10k per month. All right, let's move on. Next one. >> >> LARPing. >> >> LARPing. It's all I need to say. It's going straight to the D tier. All right, let's move on to the next one. All right, next up on the list is faceless YouTube. Dude, I'll be honest. I I can't even believe that faceless YouTube is like still an offer that that people are considering pursuing. It is difficult. Like it it's the YouTube the YouTube game is not an easy one and if it were me, I think I would much rather just build a brand uh branded YouTube channel with a face like the one that I have created here. Creating a faceless of course adds a layer of of difficulty and complexity. Um I think this also mostly peaked, you know, a few years ago and it has gotten considerably harder because more and more people are trying to make content in general, which means it becomes more and more difficult for you to stand out at any point in time. In terms of where to put this one, I would probably put it right at the B tier. And honestly, I'm doing this ranking live. I don't know if there's going to be anything that reaches the S tier. I I suppose these two would be the closest to getting to S tier, but we'll see if there's anything else that actually that actually ends up uh getting there. All right, next up on the list is we'll just call it like vibe coding software. Building stuff with with Claude code, with other vibe coding tools, and being able to either package that into a software that you start selling and offering to people or sell that as a service to uh to others. I still think this is this is a solid way to make money. I'm actually going to put this one in the A tier. The reason why is because everything that I've been talking about with AI, I I fully fully believe. Everything is becoming commoditized and if you're trying to like build vibe coded apps and then sell them to the tech community to all the people on Twitter that are already be so freaking plugged in with AI, you're going to you're going to be cooked just immediately. But you have to understand the bubble that we live in, guys. I I'll tell you a very short story that explains this. I recently took a trip to middle of nowhere and I was meeting with some people that we'll just classify as like regular people, you know, normies. Regular people, regular jobs, 9-to-5ers, whatever you want to call them. We are still so early to you know, vibe coding stuff, building stuff with cloud code. Nobody outside of our tiny little bubble really understands just how powerful that this technology is. So if this were me and I was going to try to make money with like vibe coded tools and selling them I would be specifically probably going after a slightly older demographic that is completely unaware of what's happening in the AI space because I've built a lot of SaaS tools myself. Like I have I built them before vibe coding was a thing, but I've also built many vibe coded tools myself. I don't sell them. I I build them so that my team can use them. Like that's my biggest use case. I built some really cool AI I don't share with anybody except for my very small team. And then they use it and they're amplified by AI like to the to the 10th power. But if I was to go and sell this to you know, if I were to build a fitness app and I was to go sell it to, you know, women over the age of 50 then it becomes a little bit different because there still is that impression that you've built something tremendously valuable that took you, you know, tens of thousands of dollars of development. I don't I don't think the majority of the world has caught on at all to how easy it is to build now. Like you can build virtually anything in one afternoon. But only I know that, only you know that, and only our tiny little bubble knows that. The majority of the world still does not know. I mean, The majority of the world still is not super familiar with like how to make money with branded drop shipping, like how to make money with Shopify. And that has been popping since like 2017. So for that reason, I'd probably put this one in the A tier. But you have to be super duper intentional about who you're actually selling to because if you try to build like a B2B app for e-commerce brands, for example, just give up. Right? Just give up. >> >> You don't have to give up, but I would I would if it were me, I would definitely not do that because if you come to me with a vibe coded tool, I can tell it's vibe coded in two seconds, which means the infrastructure is probably dog Uh the functionality most likely breaks pretty easily and it's not going to be something that scales or actually gets me what I want. But if you're selling to boomers it becomes a completely different game. That's the way that I would personally approach it if I was you know, going to be selling that. All right. Next up on the list >> >> Such a funny photo. Next up on the list, we have high ticket sales. Where are my high ticket homies at? High ticket sales, the ability to make 10K per month. If you're half decent at socializing with people and you have a solid foundation of sales, I think that it's relatively easy to get to 10K per month. All right? If you're getting paid 10% commission on deals, you collect 100K in a single month for, you know, let's say like a five 5K offer, 20 deals in a month I think that's that's pretty doable. Now would you hate every single moment of it? Probably. >> >> Do you want to talk on the phone for multiple hours to random strangers on the internet? Just get paid for it. I personally don't like talking to people as a general rule. Even right now, like you guys may think I'm good at like communicating and talking, there's nobody here. I'm talking in a dark room to myself and you guys just happen to be listening. So very different from conversating with another human being for you an hour at a time. So in terms of how easy it is, I would probably put this around the B tier as well. But God, I would not want to do >> >> this, bro. I would not want to do this. And you guys probably know, obviously I have I have people on my team that uh to to help grow BBA, right? I have sales people on my team. I love them and I tell them all the time I can never do that. And I'm being I'm being serious. Like gun against my head, obviously I'll do it and I'll do great. But I would not enjoy it at all. And I think being able to have those conversations with people you know, multiple times throughout the day, going through the same, you know, responses that you give you all you all the time, my energy is not designed to be communicating that way. So for me, I would put this one right in the B tier. I Once again, this is another thing where kind of the main like hypie phase where it was really pretty easy to make 10K per month with high high ticket sales, that window has passed. It's still possible, of course. I'm not saying it's not possible, but you get what I mean. All right. Let's move on. Next up on the list, we have building low ticket MRR communities such as on school. So this one is really interesting because as soon as school started to to kind of get some traction get big everybody fell in love with this concept of MRR, right? Monthly recurring revenue. They're like, "Oh my God. It's so great. You just get paid not once, but every single month. If you get the 10K per month, that's 10K per month recurring. You don't have to worry about making another 10K the next month. It's just It's just going to rebill over and over and over again. And in theory, yeah, that's true. But you also have to worry about a little thing called churn in the MRR world, which if you don't have processes and systems in place to be able to handle churn, you're not actually going to be recurring 10K per month. It'll be 10, then next month it'll be eight, and then it'll be six, and then it'll be four. Of course, there's a lot of variables that go into into you know, churn, but that's a legitimate concern when it comes to building a low ticket MRR community. Um I also say that if you were to go this route of course, AI has commoditized information very very heavily. So you have to have a clear advantage in that way where you can communicate something and deliver good information in a way that AI cannot. So if you have specialized knowledge, then you have the ability to to build a community on school. If you don't and you're just selling uh AI repackaged then you don't really deserve to have super high MRR. So for that reason, in addition to churn I I think I still think it's relatively solid, you know, the MRR is appealing. I mean, Where would I put this one? It's not going in S tier. I'm debating between the A and the B tier. I'm going to put it in B tier. Our B tier is getting pretty big, guys. Nothing impresses me anymore. All right. Next up on the list OnlyFans management. Where are my OFM guys at? What the do I say about this? I mean >> >> I know some people that do really really well with OnlyFans management, but there is not a single ounce in my soul that would ever do this or that would ever recommend to anybody do this. Can you make money doing it? Yeah, but you can make your money doing a lot of things where you sell your soul. Um so if that's not a worry to you then this would probably I'd probably put this in the Actually, I I do have some thoughts on this. I'm remembering a conversation I had with one of my buddies. Uh it's not a buddy. He was just an an acquaintance who was doing OFM. I I generally think if you're going to be operating in this industry, you're just asking for trouble consistently. Um I don't know what else to say about this, bro. I mean, I'm going to put it in the C tier. And I'm definitely really biased because it's in terms of being easy, it's probably realistically closer to like the B or the A tier. But at what cost? All right. Next up on the list, building a personal brand. Now, my thoughts on building a personal brand very similar to what I said about school. If you have genuine specialized knowledge that you can share in a way that is valuable, then I think it's a really good long-term play. As a short-term play for you to make 10k per month, I don't think it's I think it's good, not great. Long-term, I think it's one of the best things that you can do because as you guys have started to understand, your personal brand is essentially like your modern-day business card. So, even if you aren't actively using it, everybody kind of has one. So, when people go and search your socials, what are they actually seeing? I think that's worth a lot more than 10k per month, right? That's essentially your your reputation, your optics. So, long-term, I would put this in the A tier. Short-term, I probably put it closer to the the the B's tier, maybe even the C tier, but generally, I think it's I think it's a solid way to make money if you already have the expertise and the knowledge to be able to share something that's valuable. Once again, if you're just repackaging AI so easy to see through that, man. So easy. There's a lot of guys that are starting up their personal brand that are super duper young. They're like 16 years old and it's like it's like teaching agency owners over 100k per month how to hit 250k per month. I I'm going to want to see some receipts, brother. You're you're telling me you've been doing 100k per month so long, you've done it so many times by the age of 16 that you're ready to coach people on it. That sounds crazy. Sounds crazy. All right, next up on the list, digital products. So, generally, I I get the question a lot um in in my lives, you know, Mark, should I do like digital products or should I do ecom? My general philosophy is if you have a good background in marketing, digital products has a clear advantage of having better margins. If you do not, then I would recommend ecom. The reason why is because when it comes physical products, you have physical value. You have intrinsic value because it can be held in your hand. Digital products do not have intrinsic value. They rely solely on perceived value. Ecom, there's intrinsic value and then there's perceived value on top of it. Like you can shape the value of a product based off of your marketing, based off of your branding, based off your positioning. But there's still an underlying intrinsic value in something that you can hold in your hand. So, selling something like that, I believe, is a little bit easier than selling something where there's no intrinsic value whatsoever. Like if you're just selling a course or you're just selling Notion templates or whatever the your digital products are. If you have a marketing background and you understand ads, creatives, media buying, and funnels, you have a serious advantage and digital products can be a great way for you to make some money. If you don't, then I think ecom has the leg up because you don't have to have as good of a background to be able to sell it. So, for that reason, I'm going to put digital products I'll put this one in the B tier, too. I think it's it's like a good good way good solid way to make 10k per month. All right, next up on the list, Amazon FBA. Right off the bat, I'm putting Amazon FBA in the C tier. Uh main reason is actually due to the sophistication of the market and how difficult it has become to be able to sell Amazon um only. Like in my brand, we have we have Amazon, but it is entirely complementary to everything else that we're doing because if you're running an uh a brand on Amazon and Amazon only and you don't have like the Shopify uh underlying base, then you have to rely entirely on getting impressions to your Amazon listing, which has gotten it's it's gotten increasingly difficult simply due to the fact that more and more people have been flooding to Amazon to start Amazon FBA stores. So, just the more time that has passed, more people have been flooding into this market, it's becoming increasingly difficult. Um at the same time, you're also putting yourselves at the at the mercy of Mr. Bezos. I'm sure we've all heard a story of somebody who is running a brand, they had an Amazon store, and it just got shut down overnight. If you haven't, you can consider yourself lucky. Because that is a common occurrence that happens. It's kind of similar to Facebook, except it's it's a little bit worse because like Facebook, like you get an ad account shut down, a BM shut down, you can get it back. Generally speaking, you can appeal it. If you can't do it that way, there's other ways to get the account back. Amazon, it's not really as easy to get it back. And that's your entire income stream. Like let's say worst-case scenario, like you get your Facebook account shut down for whatever reason and you can't get it back. You just lost one traffic source. You can still do organic. You can still do Pinterest. You can still do TikTok ads. You can still do Google. You can still do YouTube. You can still do influencers. You like it knocked out one traffic source. Granted, it was a big one. Facebook is a big player, but it didn't just kill your business overnight. There's still ways for you to generate revenue. With Amazon, they shut down like your entire store. Shopify sometimes is guilty of this, too, but it's it's uh in my experience substantially more rare. If anything, you'll get like Shopify payments to be uh to be banned or restricted or hold or reserve or your payment processor would would put a uh hold or reserve on PayPal, Stripe, et cetera. That's that's more common in ecom, but again, there's alternatives there. With Amazon, it's like your entire business is shut down. So, that's why I put that immediately in the in the C tier. All right, next up on the list, we have SaaS. And SaaS I would consider very similar to what I was saying about Claude code. Um if you're trying to sell this to experienced people, just give up. No point. Um the value of SaaS is diminishing at such an obscene rate because you can build virtually anything with solid infrastructure with zero technical experience whatsoever and be able to ship products to users. Once again, with zero experience whatsoever and have it work and be able to debug and a whole lot of other So, I believe the value of software is is going down at an astronomical rate and we'll continue to see that happen. So, in terms of window of opportunity, it passed in my opinion. Like if you're trying to maximize your uh your ability to make 10k per month, I think it's mostly passed. If the only exception to this is what I was saying with Claude code. If you do position it in the right way and you go after the right market that is not as attuned to what's happening with AI and software development, then you can make some good money, of course. You know, you sell to the Gen X, you sell to boomers, and you show them a software, they're immediately going to assume that that was extremely difficult to build when in reality, you built that in one afternoon with Claude code and open claw. So, this entirely depends on who you're selling to and how it is positioned. If you've if you've kind of picked up something from this call, guys, what I've what I'm thinking of is I'm thinking of arbitrage. Like if you can arbitrage an opportunity uh with one of these specific, you know, business models or make money online models, that's where the money really is. But if you're trying to do what everybody else is doing, everybody else is trying all the and failing. So, if you try to do what everybody else is doing, why do you think you're going to be any different? You have to find some way to arbitrage an opportunity. So, one way of arbitraging is demographical arbitrage, which is where you find something that there's a super high demand for in one market that's that's severely underserved and you build something specifically for them. In the case of what I said with like women over like you build a a fitness app for women over the age of 50. Like that's completely different than trying to build a B2B ecom tool where everybody's still pretty plugged in to AI and they can just build it themselves or they can clearly see that it's vibe coded and immediately uh kind of view it in a different way. So, SaaS, if positioned correctly, I would put it in the A tier. If not, I would put this in the probably in the C tier, but just because we're kind of running out of space, I'm putting it in the A tier. All right, one last one on this list here. We got organic drop shipping. So, selling products online on Shopify through the drop shipping fulfillment model, but not using paid ads to get customers. I still think this is a solid strategy. Once again, it comes down to your ability to make really good content. That's never going to go away. There's always room for the best. Has it gotten more difficult? 100 percent. 100 percent. But there's big brands that are still arbitraging organic content. How many of you guys have seen these AI-created Instagram pages or TikTok pages that have millions of followers? I would actually I would put this in the A tier if I put AI right in front of organic. >> >> If you're if you're creating an infrastructure of a bunch of different accounts and you're able to consistently generate impressions, generate views in a way where you also don't get like nerfed by IG or TikTok and you create genuinely really good content that the algorithm loves, that is pushing people to your your link in bio where they can actually buy. I think this is a solid strategy. Again, big brands are doing it and they're doing it really well. So, there's always room for the best. I would still probably put this one in a B tier just because most people are not naturally going to be really good at making that kind of content. But, if you have that that experience, that underlying background, then it can be a great way for you to make money. Okay. Let me add one more up here. I realized that I didn't put anything in S tier. So, we're just going to write down gambling, you know, we'll just just put it right there, you know. I'm just kidding. All right, that's the only thing that should be in the S tier right there. Everybody get it? Everybody see it? >> >> All right, let's uh that's it for for this section. Let's hop into a quick Q&A, guys. I know I didn't check this chat the entire time. But, just a nice little fun one, you know, we're just having fun here. All right, guys. Any uh any quick questions now that now that I'm here? I was joking about gambling, you okay? Jesus. Obviously, it's a level above S tier and we all know it. Um might be stupid question, but what are your thoughts on video editing? Video video editors are going to be gone pretty soon as well. I knew it was only a matter of time. I tried building uh video editing application last year for VSLs and I kind of did build it, but it was so janky and the final product of a video that I was making a VSL was uh was embarrassing. It was not what I wanted to be at all. But, now when we have like programmatic video editing um with tools like Remotion where you can build custom video editing dashboards, automations, um guys, nobody is safe. You have to understand like what we're seeing with AI, nobody is safe. The people that say, "Oh, AI is never going to be good enough to do X." It's only a matter of time. Virtually everything is possible. You know, people say that, "Oh, humans aren't AI's isn't able to like have emotions or be able to, you know, create music." We've already seen the music thing come and go. There's been songs that have that had to be removed from the Billboard after they were shown to have been made by AI. So, that's that's gone. Nobody is safe, nothing is safe. There there's very very little, if anything, that AI is not going to be able to do. Maybe it can't do it right now, but there's virtually nothing that it's not going to be able to do. Oh my god, dude. Milo. Hey Mark, have you read the Copy Alchemist Knowledge Nuggets by Pauline Longdon? How the do you know that? I have, dude. Me and Pauline Pauline is amazing, dude. Pauline is is an awesome lady. Shout out to Pauline. She had She had a big impact on my copywriting journey. Uh next question. >> >> We might hit a point where we need UBI. It's a scary future, bro. Like if you if you think about this, I think what will probably end up happening is governments will have to put in place legislature to make sure that humans are still able to play a role productively in society because we're like I said, we're going to get to the stage where there's nothing that it can't do. So, theoretically, there wouldn't be a need for humans in order for society to like function properly. Now, granted, maybe that's 20 years down the line, maybe it's 50, 100 years down the line, but I do believe that we will get there. And I have no idea what that future is going to going to look like, but I do believe it's it's scary. I'm a coder and basically that's mostly the only skill that I currently have. Do you think I should go with making cloud apps? Do you think I should do something else and maybe two things simultaneously? I would Yeah, dude. I would I would use your skills cuz I think vibe coding is good, but you also don't know what you don't know. Like if you try to ship a vibe coded app, uh somebody who's experiments experience in software development is immediately going to see a hundred different, you know, leaks in the the the code that is either like a risk to yourself and your business or it's just not structured in a way that is scalable. So, if you're able to build something with cloud code and you already have that experience, I would 100% go that route. You just have to crack the marketing. That's going to be the main thing. Like you can probably build one of the best applications out of anybody in this chat simply because you have that experience underneath your belt. But, can you sell it? That's the real question. We all know the best product is not the one that makes the most amount of money. I repeat that to myself very frequently. It's it's typically not the best formulated supplement that sells the best. Right? It's the guy that can sell it the best that sells the most. >> >> Uh Adam, looking to start e-com with ads with a single product then to push for branded to add more products to catalog. Do you think picking a niche would be way more important than the product itself? Uh is a niche more important than the product? Generally, I would I would say yes, but I I still think you're not asking the right questions. I don't think you should think of like how can I enter the best niche, which I kind of say like the best market. Um As I just said, I think just your ability to market well enough is going to be the biggest indicator of how successful you're going to be. The reality is there have been marketers that are so freaking skilled that can they can go into virtually any market and destroy everybody because they're so good at copywriting or they're so good at, you know, buying traffic or they're so good at building funnels. Top three supplements you take for your diet? I think the big three is just creatine, pre-workout, and protein, dude. I mean, it's nothing special. Outside of that, I mean, I take multivitamin, fish oil, vitamin D plus K, and that's I think that's all I take in regards to supplements. Magnesium is the final one. >> >> Question here from Irakli. What an interesting name. Irakli asks, "Should I hop on the nastiest cycle?" Yes. Yes, you should. You know, man, the world's going to end pretty soon anyways, you know, whether it's AI, whether it's nuclear bombs. At least you can die jacked, you know. >> >> Uh Irakli, you're funny, bro. >> >> I know you're laughing your ass off right now after that. All right, guys, let's do maybe one more quick question and then I got to bounce. it, we ball. All right, this is a good one from Alfredo. What's the What's the biggest game changer that you changed that changed how you market and helped you improve in marketing? Bro, honestly, just reading reading old direct response legends. Read everything you can from from Gary Halbert, Gary Bencivenga, Eugene Schwartz, Victor Schwab. There's so many goats out there, dude. And there's guys that had to figure all this out before the internet even existed. So, either reading their sales letters directly or most of them had some sort of newsletter that you can write. Like Dan Kennedy has so much free marketing content out there on the internet, it's phenomenal. This is one of the greatest mark direct response marketers ever. I would just go and consume all of that. Like read and rewrite the sales letters and then go read all the newsletters of all of those top copywriters in this space. I think copywriters are the best direct response marketers typically. Like, if somebody who starts as a copywriter and then ends up owning their own offers, they can understand the uh the entire infrastructure of a business. But, I think they have the biggest competitive advantage. Always. Alrighty, y'all. Thank you so much for being here. Great live. Hope you enjoyed this this fun little one. Um Have a great rest of your Wednesday, And let me queue the outro. See, what are we feeling today? Hmm. >> >> Literally just scrolling through every Yeat song. Like >> >> Hmm. What's it going to be today? Hmm. My thing isn't working. Bear with me for the outro. I think That wasn't it. Ah >> >> I just ordered up the mob. I just ordered up the thing. >> >> I just ordered up the mob. Only got a thing. I could have really ordered any diamonds. I pop a 10 lit as having a glass. 24/7 yeah, baby come pull up on me. She said like heaven. Yeah, she like heaven. I bought a 7-11 that'll cover my dranky. Yeah, dranky. Pray that I did it in the morning when I woke up, took a cracky, and then I got to the Yeah. These be bugging when they get to the weekend. that. Now, every day I've been tweaking. You better say that if you mean it. I'm on that side of the Could have decided about my thotty. I'm