So, GoHighLevel just came out with a brand new feature called AI Studio and I've been using it to make pretty insane websites. You can see here I made a little real estate quiz funnel. I also made a plumbing website right here. This is all inside of AI Studio and I also just made this website inside of AI Studio where you can sell voice AI to your customers. So, I want to show you guys if you're an agency, how it's literally never been easier to build a site just like the one I'm going to show you and use the other new feature that HighLevel released, which is called Ask AI, to actually do the services for you. So, here's an example. Let's say you want to help real estate agents get booked appointments and the way you want to do it is using HighLevel's voice AI feature or AI receptionist. Well, you can spin up a website just like this. I literally just gave it like one sentence and it built this entire site and I can even, you know, collect payment right here. And when someone pays right here, this will automatically create their GoHighLevel subaccount with me. And I'm able to make this entire website with the AI Studio and then if I'm using voice AI to actually get that, uh, you know, results for that customer, I can now use Ask AI to create the voice AI agent for me. So, I don't have to even do any setup. I can just literally send a prompt like this and it'll basically go and do everything for me in the CRM. So, in this video, what I'm going to do is show you guys how you can build a simple site like this to start selling your AI services or you could sell literally anything you want. The website builder works for anything. And then I'm going to show you how I can use Ask AI to create a self-selling AI agent prompt so you can sell your own service with this with the feature itself. And then that'll pretty much also teach you if you get a customer how you can use this feature to build, you can see it's already ready to go, how it literally will build this for you for the customer and then you can just sell it as many times as you want. So, let's get straight into it. So, the first thing to do when it comes to building the site is we're going to use a reference site. So, for example, I'm going to just show you the exact website that I used for, um, or the exact prompt I used so you guys can see this. And if you guys use my HighLevel affiliate link, I'm going to give you guys this exact system as well. So, if you want to do that, you can go that route. If you already have HighLevel, you can get this system as well using my school link down below. And if you just want to watch, you can see everything I'm I'm doing here. So, what I did is I went into the AI Studio and then you basically have this little prompt builder here. And then you can see we've got all these different sites that I've built here. So, to build a new site, you just basically start typing right here. And all I did for this exact website is I just typed in this exact prompt right here. And I used a reference site from a site called Framer and Framer has a bunch of templates there. And I basically just gave it this prompt saying, "Hey, can you clone this site, but just make it for a different niche or, you know, whatever I'm doing?" I kind of changed the pricing to be one tier, make it more simple, stuff like that. But you can see I just really gave it this one sentence and then that was pretty much it. And then, um, basically gave it this, uh, code here to put in the voice AI agent and just change the pricing and stuff. But that was pretty much it. So, that's all you have to do to give it a site that you want to clone is just give it a link to the site and then just make it your own. And then what I did was I had it create a self-selling AI agent that will sell this service for me so that I don't have to go and, you know, demo it out for people. They can just demo it out on their own time. So, let me show you how this works and then I'll show you how you can build this as well with the Ask AI feature. So, the cool thing about this prompt that I'm going to demo is it works for any business, so it's a self-selling AI. But if the business is a roofing business, a real estate business, plumbing business, whatever type of business it is, it first asks about the business so that once it has enough information, it can kind of self, um, you know, basically like morph into an AI agent for that business. So, let me show you how it works. Hi, this is Jackie with New Breed Investor. Let me give you a live demo on how I can work for your business. Ready? Yep. Great. First, can you tell me a bit about your business? What type of business do you have? What services or products do you sell? And who is your primary customer? So, I am a marketing agency and I sell AI receptionist to real estate agents. Got it. So, you're a marketing agency that sells AI receptionist services specifically to real estate agents. Does that sound right? Yep. Perfect. And what's the name of your company? New Breed Investor. Thanks. So, New Breed Investor is a marketing agency offering AI receptionist services to real estate agents. Before we jump into the demo, just a quick note. The demo you're about to experience can be customized to fit your business exactly when you sign up for our services. This is just a sample to show you how it works. All right. Now I'll act as an AI assistant for New Breed Investor. You'll pretend to be one of your customers. Let's get started. Hi, thanks for calling New Breed Investor. This is your AI receptionist. How can I assist you today? Go ahead and respond as if you're a customer. Yeah, so I've been hearing about AI and AI receptionist, but what can it actually do? Like, can you answer the phone for me or can you qualify my leads for me? I'm on the website right here, but I don't know. I just I'm skeptical about all this AI stuff and if it would actually do anything meaningful to my business. Totally understand where you're coming from. AI can feel like a big leap, especially when it comes to something as personal as handling your leads. Let me break it down for you. Yes, I can absolutely answer the phone for you. I can screen and qualify your leads based on criteria you set. For example, if you only want to work with sellers or buyers in a specific price range, I can filter that for you. I can also book appointments directly into your calendar once a lead is qualified. Beyond that, I can handle FAQs like explaining your services or pricing and even follow up with leads via text or email if they're not ready to book right away. And I'm available 24/7, so you never miss a call. Even after hours or on holidays. The goal is to save you time by handling repetitive tasks and making sure you only deal with leads that are ready to move forward. Does that sound like something that could help your business? Yeah, it sounds good, but how much is this actual offer and, you know, can I cancel anytime or is there a contract cuz I don't know if I'm going to actually like it. Great questions. Here's how it works. We have a simple pricing structure. It's $1,000 for the initial setup, which includes customizing the system specifically for your business. Like setting up how I qualify leads, what FAQs I answer, and how I book appointments. After that, it's $297 per month and you can cancel anytime. No long-term contracts or commitments. This way, you can try it out and see how it works for your business without feeling locked in. Does that sound fair? Yeah, does this link to my existing phone number or do I have to get a new phone number and yeah, can I link this to like open house signs or other ways that leads call me or is it just like on my website? Great questions. Yes, this can link directly to your existing phone number. No need to get a new one. Calls to your current number can be routed to me, so your leads won't even notice a difference. And absolutely, you can use this for open house signs, flyers, business cards, or any other way leads might call you. Basically, wherever your phone number is displayed, I can handle those incoming calls. It's not limited to just your website. This way, I can help you capture and qualify leads from all your marketing efforts. Does So, you guys get the idea. It's a really, really solid prompt, right? So, we can now build a site just like this, right? That we can use to market our offer. And I just happened to make this one for real estate agents, um, just cuz it's something I'm pretty familiar with. Um, and I think a lot of people that, you know, are using HighLevel, at least, whether agencies or even just the biggest business industry for HighLevel is real estate. I think that's accurate, but um, either way, you can change this, right? Because you saw all I did was say, um, "Clone this site, but make it for an AI receptionist assistant for a real estate agent." So, I can change this, make this, um, make this an AI assistant for a plumbing company, whatever. So, there's no like limitations as to how you can set this up. So, I'll let that load, but you guys see we've got the site here ready to go that looks good. I would probably add in a video here of you. Um, or you can do like a simple video if you're not ready to film. And then over here, we've got the self-selling AI which I just showed you. And the cool part about creating that is we just copy and paste uh, this type of prompt that I just have right here. So, you go to ask AI right here. And then you click on new chat. And then you just say like create a voice AI agent. And then you just copy and paste the prompt. Which that I have copy and pasted the the website link. But once the prompt is copy and pasted, you just put it in right here. And then it literally just like does it for you. And you just say update Jackie. So, I can change this and just say cancel. And it'll reject it. And then they kind of updated this how this is working. But I would just accept it. Um, and I can just say change the name to Jackie test April 13th. So, you guys can see it's real. But that's all we do. And then it will create that thing. And then boom, create the agent approved. It's going to finish that in just a second. And then that's it. So, I just genuinely don't think it's ever been easier to like market a product, have something that's super solid, and then demo it nearly instantly. And once you create the AI agent, there's all these other back end functions that you can do that people just kind of overlook and don't realize could really help a business out. Um, I'll show you guys the ones that I use the most. So, once the AI agent's like actually created, you can access it over here in the voice AI. Go to the agent list. And then if we click on this one right here, we we can see we have all these goals here. And if you go down, you can see we have these different actions. So, you can hook up the AI to do call transfers, trigger workflows, send texts, or you know, book appointments and update fields. So, the use case for each of these would be um, you know, appointment booking's pretty self-explanatory. So, if it you want this to book appointments for your clients, you can do that. Updating contact fields. So, like let's say I'm qualifying a lead, right? The AI's qualifying a lead. And I have like five questions that I need to ask. So, when the AI asks those questions, guess what? As soon as it gets the answers, it can actually update their file inside of the CRM. So, that people can see, you know, all the answers to those questions instantly. Um, I don't use the send text, but you can send a text um, to the person that's interacting with the AI agent. Maybe they need a link or they want to see um, something written out. Maybe they're asking for the address. The AI can just send over the address so they can click it in their text messages. We also have triggering a workflow, um, which is the one that I use so that when the call's completed, it sends over a full summary to um, to my client with the entire, you know, bullet points of the entire call. And then call transfer maybe if the lead is like, "Hey, I need to sell right away." Or whatever the the specific uh, you know, niches that you're serving. If there's like an urgent or immediate lead, you can do an immediate call transfer right there. So, you can build a site with the the AI studio. You can copy paste one prompt in the ask AI. And you don't even need A2P or anything to get either of these things up cuz the site is obviously a site. And then this isn't using a phone number. So, all you got to do is start getting people to demo this exact feature. And once they see it working, it's going to be like it's you don't even have to do any setup. You can like have this set up in literally the next 10 minutes. No A2P, nothing. I don't think there's ever been an easier way to get this stuff going. So, that's all you do. You copy and paste the site that you like. You integrate and change it to like a different business or whatever you want. Let's see if it changed it to uh, plumbing. So, plum voice and AI receptionist that never misses a call or misses a leak, which is kind of cool. And then it just changes it. Human-like conversations. So, you can clone a few of these. And then just make one for plumbing, make one for a few different businesses. Test seeing who you can get the best response to. And then just send them to their relevant landing page. And then eventually niche down. So, if you guys want this exact site and then this exact prompt, you can use my affiliate link like I said. And then if you already have HighLevel, you can use my school link. I'll see you guys in the next video. And hopefully this was valuable. Talk to you then. Bye-bye.
