AI operating systems or AIOS for short is the single most powerful thing you can build with AI right now. This is because these are one of the hottest pieces of tech in the entire AI space. And agencies are charging companies 5 to$10,000 just to set this up for a single employee. And the demand for it is only rising. And it's not just agencies. billion-dollar companies like Coinbase and Block are restructuring their entire companies publicly based around this one idea. And so by the way it's looking is that every single company is going to be using this technology and it'll be at the core of how modern businesses are built. And the best part of it all is that you don't have to be technical to build an AIOS. That's because Claude Code is so good now that it can handle all the technical work. You just have to know what to tell it to do and what to build. And so that's what this exact course is as I will give you the step-by-step playbook. You can just follow along with me. This is the same exact system I've used to 10x my own productivity, build a $10,000 a month AI agency while still in college, and turn quad code into the most valuable business tool I've ever used. You just have to make you just have to make me one promise and that's that you will actually take action and follow along with this full course because I promise you if you do that you'll have a full working AIOS by the end of this video. And once you complete this course, you've got two options. You can either use it to 10x your own business like the way I use mine or you can take everything you learned and sell it as one of the hottest offers in the AI market right now. And so by the time we're done, you'll actually know how to do both. And so let's hop into it. And so this is how I would sort of graph out an AI operating system. I would describe it as a custom intelligence layer uh sort of built around your business. So this isn't like an AI agency where it is a business model in of itself, but rather something you actually build and deliver. Um similar to, you know, you could think of AI voice agents, which are something I used to build. And so at the core of it will be your business or um a client's business or whatever else. Uh so this could be you know an e-commerce company in there. This could be a plumbing company. Any sort of company uh could occupy this sort of business section uh here and then you build the operating system around that. And so you first start um with the context and this is what I call the craft framework. Um and that starts with the context which is simply who you are. I'll go a lot more in depth into what each of these layers represent. And then um beyond that, on top of the context, you build uh this reach layer, which is what the AI can see or go out and reach and grab uh within your business. Um third would be the actions. And so this is what the AI can actually do, the actions it can take. Um fourth, uh the F is flow, which is how things actually run. Are they scheduled? Are you um manually triggering and operating the operating system from within cloud code? Are you operating it from your phone, which is something I'll show you um later in this course how to set up through Telegram. Uh and then lastly is tuning, which is, you know, how it grows uh sort of the extra things you can add on top of uh the core you've already built of this operating system uh to make it better, more customized to uh you know, your specific business uh and use cases. And um what really where I got the idea from this is I was um inspired from a lot of different sources uh both on YouTube and in you know traditional media is uh two companies uh very recently cut a lot of their workforce and released memos on why and it essentially was restructuring of the organization in this way where they were um putting their business in the middle and then building uh AI on top and around it and Those two companies were Coinbase uh and their CEO Brian Armstrong uh who announced he was uh cutting his headcount or firing about 14% of his staff. Uh as well as Block and Jack Dorsey who is the original founder of Twitter. And these are both publicly traded companies. And so you can see this isn't just like an idea on YouTube that you might have seen um elsewhere from other creators. Uh this is something that is broadly applicable to pretty much every business. These are two very uh smart people sort of at the cutting edge of tech that are you know taking this step as well. So if we look at um uh the company's stock prices. So Coinbase announced this May 5th. Um if we look uh in the past month we can see um May 5th they uh announced this their stock actually dropped a bit but um actually has climbed up in the past days is up about 4%. You you can see it's climbing there. Uh, and then Block announced this February 26. And so if we go in the last 12 months, you can see February 26, they announced this. They're at $54. See a big spike after the announcement um and has slowly started to uh climb up a bit more. And um you know, since then has jumped a good amount and uh you can see has jumped almost uh for over 14% in the past month. And so uh I know stock prices don't have everything to do with these two announcements. there's a lot of stuff that goes into it. However, um you know, it's generally a good sign when uh the market forces agree with these decisions and um we're able to actually implement these and ride that wave of where we sort of know uh almost all you know small and mediumsiz businesses will go. So follow um some of these bigger businesses. And so um continuing on with the craft framework now they've given sort of that framing um is uh what actually is it? So these are the five layers for your AI operating system and each of them are independently valuable and they are built in sequence. So they sort of build on top of each other. So very first is the context. Uh so this is what the AI knows. So this will be like your quad.mmd file. um your business context, uh your specific voice, how you like to write, um who you are actually using the AIOS, as well as your business strategy and goals. And I would generally describe this as static data. This is data that generally won't change a whole lot or isn't changing every day. And um that differs with R, which is reach, which is what the AI can see, which I like to uh think of as more, you know, malleable or changing uh data sources. uh such as you know APIs. For example, mine is connected to my YouTube to see how many views, subscribers, etc. I'm getting that's something that changes every day. That's not going to exist in context. That's something I have to go out um and reach and the AI AIOS has to go and grab. Um another one is emails. You know, you get new emails every day. Uh call transcripts if you have new calls every day. And so these two sections, both context and reach, really are all about getting more context, getting more data uh into the AIO OS so that it can better operate is working with a full picture of what's going on in your business and specifically um you uh inside of that business if you are, you know, an employee or if you're a CEO thinking of implementing this, not for just yourself, um but for your employees as well. And so third, we then have actions um which obviously builds on these. So now that you have all this information, um the AI knows, you know, what are your business goals, uh the context of your business, what you're trying to achieve. Uh this decides what actions uh you can do. So these will be different skills. For example, um I have a coffee debrief I get every morning uh on my phone. I don't have my phone by me, but basically my Telegram uh gets a message at 7 a.m. every morning for my AIOS. After scraping all of my emails, um all my YouTube data, it tells me how I am aligned with my goals, what sort of things I have to focus on today or do if there's overdue emails I have to uh sort of tend to or admin tasks. And then uh so that's an action my AI is actually able to take based on this data. Uh my AIO OS is also able to generate thumbnails for me. Um it's able to generate, you know, scripts and uh actually this entire Excalibur uh that you're looking at here that I'm presenting right now um was made through my AIOS. So that's another example of an action. Uh next is flow, which is how you actually interact with um your AIOS. And so a lot of mine is through claude code and a lot of this tutorial uh will be through claude code and you'll see that later exactly how you interact with that. Uh and that's probably the most native way uh that all of us are most familiar with. The only problem is you really have to be at a desk sort of like alone to use cloud code. Uh it's not something you can easily use from your phone. However, I will show you how to set up your AIOS um on your phone using Telegram so that you can start new chats. Um you can ask it questions. You can even, you know, trigger certain automations or get things done so you can really run your business on the go um from your mobile phone. Uh there's also things in here such as scheduling new tasks with your AIOS or scheduling actions uh that are important as well. And then lastly, tuning. Um, this is something, you know, I'm still trying to figure out how to perfectly do it, but basically how to actually grow your AIOS. You know, once you have some of these things in place, how do you continue to, you know, make it better, make sure you're not missing out on things. Obviously, your business changes, um, you change what AI changes. Uh, so you need to keep it up to date. And so this tuning is really about doing that and making it more useful and continuing to be useful. And so, uh, a lot of this you'll see is, um, you know, auditing your AIOS, seeing, you know, is there something we haven't used in a while? Maybe you can just delete that, get rid of fluff, uh, or, you know, something has consistently ran into errors or maybe there's new tasks you can automate and making sure the actual system is able to, you know, improve upon itself. Now, inside of each of these layers, we have two different things that are able to actually make them come alive. Um the first is nodes and the second is skills. So starting with skills, I would describe these as installable capability packages. And so these can look very different depending on what you're trying to achieve, but they're basically folders of scripts, configuration, and context um that connect a new capability to your system. So you install them once and you're able to plug in a whole new layer of functionality. And so you know, you could think of them as sort of like plugins. I like to call them nodes because you can really like plug and play with them. You can use certain nodes. You can um and so the best way to sort of visualize this, I'll actually give you a sneak peek at the nodes we're going to be implementing uh in this course. So uh if you join my free community down below, again, completely free. Um you can then come to the classroom uh or actually come to uh YouTube resources under community. And if you're watching this video uh right after it came out, it should be the top video here. If not, you can search up the title of this video and in there you will find this uh GitHub repo and in here uh we'll cover uh how to actually use this entire GitHub repo uh later. I just want to show you exactly how to find it right now. And um in here there's a description of each of the nodes that we will be going over in this course. So the first one we're actually going to install is the vault node which has all of your workspace structure and foundation. It will basically guide you through the setup of your workspace for your AIOS and the foundation of everything you need to continue on with the rest of this course. Second will be the context node which will then walk you through um learning your business inside and out and setting up the context layer. Uh and then there are a couple other ones here uh that you can see. But essentially, these are ways for me to standardize the implementation of an AIOS as well as you to standardize it if [clears throat] you decide to sell this to um you know, your friends uh your friends that are business owners um or if you do some cold outreach and uh find other business owners that want to install this in their own company. You're not just like talking to cloud code all day and hacking together in AIOS. Um that the nodes allow there to be, you know, some sort of structure here. Um, and then second are skills, which are basically slash commands that trigger a workflow. These are the exact same as claude skills. They're just I give you some a package of specific skills to using, uh, and building an AIOS. And so, um, some of the common ones here you'll see is slashstart that I recommend you use at the start of every new session you open up in cloud code. It will help you sort of, uh, you know, get it ready. you'll understand and read through all the context inside of your AIOS. Um there's uh slashpulse which will based on you know your context and everything going on uh in your AIOS and your company give you a live snapshot of your business numbers and how those compare with uh what you're trying to actually achieve um and etc. And so those are some examples of nodes and skills. And here we can see how those fit in the actual craft framework because some nodes and skills uh sort of work at each layer. And so we have this sort of infrastructure foundation uh where you know we implement the vault node that will set up you know your actual AIOS uh make sure you know everything's in line. This is the boring stuff like the folder structure, making sure your GitHub is connected so that we can actually you know revise the code and um version have a version history of the code uh and update it somewhere so that you know even if it gets deleted on your computer exists out in the cloud uh and all of that fun stuff and um I won't get too in depth in this because when we actually build it together you'll see this live and so there's not a whole lot of a reason for me to explain this really in depth now But uh you can see you know that same goes for the context node um or the context layer the the reach layer the action layer the flow layer and the tuning layer. Um and so let's move on to uh you know sort of drawing back to uh block and coinbase. Uh why is the AIOS actually important? And I think this is one of the most important graphs um that sort of shows why we need this uh because everybody knows like implementing AI is super powerful. However, we've seen like a bunch of business owners are implementing AI but getting no real result from this. So what are we actually trying to achieve? I want to give credit to um to Liamley for this idea. So Liam Atley made a YouTube video sort of explaining this and I liked it so much I wanted to steal it from my own course because I think it's really helpful for you guys. And this is called the operator trap. I'm pretty sure this is what he calls it. Um and so it's basically where your bandwidth goes and where it should go. So if you run a business um and if you want to run a business, you will find there's a major problem that uh you spend a lot of your time in the business. So this is on things like actually executing um you know administrative tasks uh meetings reporting etc. I like to think of these as like 1x activities. These are activities that just maintain the status quo. You know it keeps your business as is. You're sort of treading water just staying afloat which is fine and you need to do them or else they start to become uh 0.5x activities uh if you start not doing them and your business starts to um falter. But all of us want to actually grow our business and uh whether you're like comfortable financially or not, you want to grow it to make sure you know you don't start falling behind. And the way you do that is you work on the business. And so these are like launching new initiatives, say you know a new marketing project, a new product line, whatever that might look for your business. The problem is uh as an operator uh which is usually the founder or CEO, they spend a significant amount of their time in the business when they'd rather spend it on the business. And honestly, spending it on the business is way more fun anyways. Um and so one solution used to be like hiring a CEO COO, a chief operations offer officer. Uh the problem with this is that's really expensive and you need to find the like right person and that takes a lot of time. Um the other solution is having an AIOS and that was the exact thesis between behind Brian Armstrong and Coinbase uh as well as Jack Dorsey and Block is that they don't need all these employees who have been working in the business that was part of that uh 80% um and they will now have an AIOS basically that can you know eat up a significant portion of all this task uh and bandwidth which allows them to then sort invert this uh and spend 80% of their time on the business such as um you know living their life uh as well as new initiatives um new strategies actually growing it and you still have to spend time in the business that's sort of just the reality of running a business uh however it'll be significantly less and so not only does this make business owners lives uh significantly easier but it actually makes the business a lot better and so you might be thinking like Tommy all this stuff sounds so great if It was so great. Why didn't people just figure this out earlier? Like I couldn't have personally been the first person to figure this out. Um, and it's because I'm not. Uh, it's because people knew this was sort of like where AI was going. Except, uh, these three things weren't true. First, the models just weren't smart enough. Um, they were okay at coding, but they just weren't great. They weren't good enough to handle this much context at scale. And so, uh, if you were to build this type of system a year or two ago, be incredibly expensive, incredibly slow, um, and it just really wouldn't have worked the way you wanted it to. Um, number two is that agency is real. So, like the skills, the tool use, um, terminal access for these coding agents such as I'm using Unix, uh, and routines are all first class and actually usable for, uh, a normal person. which gets me into this third point is that coding is democratized now. Uh so you don't have to know Python to start building this or troubleshoot these things. Um and AI will just do most of the technical work for you. And by most I mean pretty much all of it unless you're trying to do something like really complicated. But within the bounds of an AIOS, especially for personal use, AI can do pretty much everything you want. You just have to direct it in plain English. So these three things coming together uh are why now is actually the time that AIOS's um and the sort of applying AI at a much broader scale and giving it like fully open access to your business is viable now. I also want to mention why this is so important. So Naval Rabacon who's uh a famous investor um he goes on a bunch of podcasts does a bunch of smart stuff uh basically outlined that there are four forms of leverage to help make you rich and uh one is labor where you know you hire people uh you help scale but it's high cost. Um but that's one way to get more leverage and achieve more with less and it's usually you know achieving more um output for less time. So um you know every you know week month your company can achieve more output over less time. Um the second was capital. So you could deploy more money and that could get you more output per unit of time. However, the problem with these two is it's expensive. For capital, you literally have to have capital. And for labor, you usually have to pay people. Um, and so these two are expensive. Uh, and so it's sort of hard to hit that inflection point to where you can really start to scale those. Um, and then there's another one, media. So this is podcast, YouTube videos, where um, you know, it tends to look like this and then it can like shoot up. So if you think about like my YouTube channel, I started two years ago. I didn't get many views. Um, but it takes me the same amount of effort to make a video every time, except now I have more subscribers. Um, so I get more output per unit of time now than I did before. The problem is a lot of people just aren't built for media. A lot of especially business owners don't want to be on camera all the time. Um, maybe it just doesn't even fit their business. And so, um, media doesn't fit for a lot of people. Um and then code is probably the most powerful just because it's the most accessible. Um capital might be the most powerful overall uh because it's super low effort low effort to actually deploy capital. Um but code uh is completely free. Uh the problem is that uh you had to know how to do it before and it was extremely complicated, something you'd have to go to school for or you had to leverage labor to then um actually use code. the leverage of code. Um, but now with the democratization of coding, with these coding agents being so good, uh, code is pretty much like infinite free scaling once you build it and the AI will actually do the technical work for you. And so that's why like this revelation is so amazing that we can build actual coding infrastructure into businesses whether it's ours or you know a client of ours and benefit from the leverage of code for um $20 a month with cloud code uh is amazing and it's something that uh really is is the backbone of this concept of the AIOS. So now you know uh generally what an AIOS is. Um you know why it's important, why it works inside of companies uh from a high level. But how do you know it actually is working inside of the company? Um like once you start implementing it for yourself or for someone else, how do you know it's working? Now these are three measures I also got from um Liam Mley just because I think he nailed them. I don't think uh I have to be different in my course just for the sake of being different and I'll give credit where credit's due. Um first is away from desk autonomy. This is way more important to business owners than you think especially ones that work in like quoteunquote the real world like the physical world such as perhaps uh someone owning a plumbing company or even people uh who run financial services and manage a bunch of people. uh is how much of your business can you run from your phone? If you go up to most CEOs, you'll see their screen time is like insane. And that's because they're so busy texting and interacting with people. And so, um I would challenge you if whether you're a business owner, an agency owner, try spending a day without your laptop once you finish this course and set up your AOS and see how your business actually runs uh after that. Sorry, I have to get this out. Um because hopefully your business can actually run, you know, while you sleep, you know, while you're out on the go, while you're on a golf course. Um it's pretty much every business owner's dream is to get that flexibility and the a AIOS um really helps us sort of advance that. And so, uh set a baseline if you can't run like I personally can't really run, uh any of my company, especially before the AIOS from away from my desk. You know, I have to record a lot. I have to be here. I have lighting. I have a camera. Um, but there's a lot of admin stuff. I've actually been able to automate um, stuff with specific, you know, client projects uh, with my phone now that I've set this up, which is really nice. Second is task automation. So, we'll show you uh, there's a couple of different skills and nodes that help you actually assess how many of your tasks you can automate and how many are currently automated. Uh so you can get a direct percentage for this but we basically want to measure what fraction of your recurring tasks is now handled by AI. And so we want to take inventory of this and um track this you know weekly maybe even daily if you're really hammering away at this uh and target that you know 60 to 70% of your personal tasks not the company's tasks are automated by AI. uh and this goes for both employees uh and founders uh and that would be within you know 30 days and I want to be clear that 60 to 70% doesn't mean that um you know it's fully end to end automated uh each task maybe it means uh you automate 60 to 70% of all of your tasks and you sort of augment them so you still have to do a bit of work but you know 60 to 70% less than you had to before and And then lastly, um, is revenue per employee, which is just a basic metric to find out how efficient your business is. And again, you don't want to compare this across different industries. Obviously, each different, you know, business model will have a different number of employees. For example, there's like info businesses, people that sell courses that will make 250 grand, 300 grand, and it's just the founder. Um, and so that's like really profitable. And there's some that just require more human capital. And so I would say compare yourself to your competitors, friends you have in the space or even uh yourself before you implement the AIOS to see um your revenue per employee. And obviously that's calculated by total revenue divide by uh total employees. And so you know as AI is being implemented more you should see uh that headcount per dollar of revenue should uh end up falling. And that's whether you start making uh more money or you're actually able to um you know cut the denominator down and perhaps you don't need as many team members. And so here I just want to mention the actual build sequence of setting up your AOS. Um we are obviously going to start with infrastructure uh which is again just setting up that sort of uh base layer for the company and then we move into the context then reach then actions then flow then tuning. Uh so you know the the acronym works because uh it is in order. And then once you have all these set up at least at a base level which you will have at the end of this course you can then bounce around obviously between each of these. You know you can work on the context a bit of your AIOS if you think there's more to add there. A lot of time will be spent in the actions. Uh the flow is probably something that you just set up once and then you can sort of like set and forget it uh until you you know maybe set up a new action that needs uh to run on some sort of like routine and then the tuning will be at like a normal sort of uh rhythm or cadence maybe weekly or monthly that you analyze that. Now touching uh a bit more on something I talked about earlier uh is the automation spectrum. And so every task you touch or do or your business touches or does on a day-to-day basis lives somewhere on this spectrum. Uh and so your AIOS the only thing is trying to accomplish is to move it right. And so like I said, um you don't have to automate every task uh end to end, but your goal is to keep moving it uh this way. And so you want to keep going uh farther to the right. So first uh is ignore, which is basically like manual uh is over here what this side of the arrow is. And what the AI does is you know it reads it for you, maybe it surfaces it for you. Uh it knows it exists. So you're sort of like within this realm here. Uh but it dismisses it. You never open it. Um this is a lot of what people are doing with chatbt. They're sort of like talking or brainstorming to it just because they can. And maybe it's like a bit helpful, but you're still in this sort of first area where it's really not taking that much time off your plate. Um and then next we have uh the drafting or augmenting which basically means like it does most of that um task for you and it does it pretty much as effectively as you. Maybe you have to edit it a bit. You know, this is where there's the most wiggle room. Um you know, maybe it does the hardest part of the task and then you have all the easy stuff to do. more than likely uh it'll do all the easy stuff for you. So you don't have to worry about that, but you still have to do the hard part. And so uh this is where you know your iOS is still incredibly helpful. So let's say think like high level. Sorry this is a bit off script but let's think high level what goes into um making a YouTube video. So So I first have to uh get an idea and then I have to script the video. Um, and then, uh, I have to sort of like revise that. And so, and then next after that, I usually want some sort of lead magnet in all of my videos to draw people, um, to my free community. And so, I have to build a lead magnet. Um, and then I actually have to record the video, then edit it, and then make a thumbnail, uh, make a title, and I have to post it, and then I make a LinkedIn post, I make a school post. Um might be a couple things I'm missing in there, but basically let's say this is a task. And so prior uh to having my AIOS, I unfortunately had to do literally all of this like manually. Uh ChatVt did some of it for me. So let's say um the uh LinkedIn is crossed off. It would write some of those posts for me. It would write the school post. Um it actually wouldn't. That's like posting the video. It wouldn't do. Um maybe it would help me with the title. I'll give it that. Um, it would help me script it. It wouldn't really help me with ideas. It would help me revise it. And so, let's say AI already got me to like here on that scale. Well, once I got my AIOS and it knew the full context of my business one, like the script got like a lot better. Um, so I'd even move it like it went from just like taking that task off my plate, making me more efficient to actually making me more effective at my job. And then after that, I figured out Cloud Code can build a lot of these lead magnets. Um, so it made like a lot of this GitHub repo for me because I built my AOS. I basically just told Cloud Code like, "Hey, like make this a template other people can use." And so lead magnet um gone. Uh editing, uh, I'll take out like most of editing. probably like 90% of it's now automated with AI because I have it automatically um sort of like change my audio to make it way higher quality uh and some other things it does such as like specific cuts. Um my thumbnail is now completely created with AI. Uh recording you still have to manually record and set things up and I have to talk. I can't I don't use like an AI avatar or anything. Um ideas are still mostly just me if I'm being honest. Uh, and then posting like it makes like I have to click post but it makes like the full description uh you know the timestamps for me and all of that. So I I went from like here like pre-AI to here with like chatbt and then with the AIOS I came like here where like most of my YouTube videos are like automated with AI like a lot of the tasks. Uh and some of these just really can't be. And I know like a bunch of other creators in the space have this exact same workflow. And that's why you see like these AI creators able to pump out videos every day is because um they're able to be so much more efficient. And so hopefully that was helpful me showing you like an actual example of that in real life. Um then obviously at the end you have fully automated uh over here um where it completes the task and end. You don't even have to think about it anymore. Uh this is more rare than you'd think. there's just not a lot of tasks that like don't need some human input or you wouldn't want some human input in it. Uh but uh there are some emails I can just all respond to now um because I trust my AI to respond the way I write uh and then just sort of update me on you know what was said. And so now that we have covered a lot of the highlevel concepts of what an AIOS is, um how it functions, let's now get into the longest portion of this course, um the build portion where you will want to uh join my community and come to this GitHub because this is where we're going to be sort of this is where the the meat of the rest of the video is from. And so now we are getting into the meat and potatoes of this course, the actual build section. and uh it will all be sort of based on this GitHub repo uh I created called AIOS. Now the way you find this is you go click the link down below to join applied AI academy completely free uh it's not a paid community and uh once you click join we'll accept you as fast as we can uh and then you will come to the community tab uh come to YouTube resources uh the video should be at the top here if you're watching this video right as it comes out if you're watching at a later date you will need to search uh the title of this YouTube video you are watching uh and it should pop up. Just copy and paste the title uh and then once you find it, click on the post that uh has the title of this video and um you can find the linked GitHub repo inside of there. And so moving back to the AIOS, the first thing you will need is uh Cloud Code. And so you do need a paid plan to use uh Cloud Code. And so I recommend just getting the pro plan. That will work for this tutorial. Um, only get the max uh if you really need it. Uh, I would just recommend starting with the pro and upgrading the max if you sort of start to run out of usage limits. The only difference between the two is um the usage limit differences. Now we need a way to actually interact with cloud code. Now you can use cloud desktop but that's sort of the light version and it's not as powerful. And so because you guys are uh engaging in a longer course, I'm going to assume you're not afraid to actually uh dabble and jump into the weeds. And so we need an IDE. The one I recommend is Google Anti-gravity. Some other common ones are VS Code as well as cursor. Those will also work just fine for this tutorial and should be easy enough to follow along with because their actual user interface is very similar to Google Anti-gravity. But just know uh in this course I will be using Google Anti-gravity. Now when you open Google Anti-gravity, you should be greeted with a screen like this. What I am going to do is uh open up a new folder. Uh just for demo purposes here, I recommend you open up uh if you just download Google Anti-gravity, you'll need to create a new folder anyways. If you already have it, I would recommend making a new folder for this course just to keep everything organized. File structure is a really important part of this. And so, you know, starting clean, make sure you have a good launchpad for creating your AIOS. And so, I'm just going to name this AOS uh demo YouTube and then select that folder. You will now see Google Anti-gravity uh opened up a brand new IDE uh based on this folder. Now, for actually installing Claude Code, you need to come over here to uh extensions, and you'll search up Cloud Code. Mine's right here because I recently searched it up. Then, you'll want to click install. Um obviously, I already have mine installed, so I can't install it again. But once you do that, this button up here, the Claude logo will show up and you can click here. Now, once you open that, you'll be greeted with a screen that will look very similar to if you were using the desktop version of Claude Code, except it has access to any files you put in here. Uh, and Claude Code comes with a number of other features. And so now that we have this all set up and you're ready to actually talk to Claude inside of Google Anti-Gravity, I'm going to come back to I'm going to come back to uh the GitHub repository. Now, I tried to make this uh as readable as possible. Um obviously Claude wrote a lot of this um but basically describing you know what it is, how it works, and how to actually get started so that whether you're watching this tutorial or not uh you can follow along uh with everything in GitHub. And there's a ton of context on how it actually works because when you import this uh Claude will actually get all this context as well. And so first uh this first step is to um just point Claude at this and tell it to uh import this entire repo. And so I'm going to paste this in here. I'm going to tell Claude import this repo uh into this uh AIOS demo YouTube folder that you are operating within. And so once that is done, all the files and all the information inside of GitHub, I'm just going to turn on um bypass permissions. So that'll just go in the background. But all of this uh context and everything, you can see it's loading all the folders. Everything inside this GitHub repo will then be inside of our cloud code. And so it's now been cloned into here. You can see um everything uh inside of this. And so our next step is to now uh actually install the very first node. And so it gives us this command here that we can copy and paste. But I want to make sure slashinstall uh is actually there. So it is. That's nice. Um I didn't want it to type it for me, but uh it's good to know that command is there. If you don't find a slash command when once you import everything, you may need to just open up another instance of cloud code and that will refresh it and the slash command should be there. Uh that was an issue I ran into previously but thankfully um it was here now and so this slashinstall command will install uh this node. Now while that is going I want to sort of explain uh a bit behind this actual repo. Now uh under core node installs I've included uh a readme for each one so that you know exactly what each node does. So this first vault node that is currently being installed uh in the background uh is what creates our AOS workspace. So it creates the folder structure um the master context file and all the foundational p pieces that every other node actually attaches to. And so it's sort of like the skeleton. Uh and then we start adding the muscle throughout this course. So without this uh the other nodes would really just have nowhere to live. Um things would get messy and as you scale to a lot more context, a lot more files as your AIOS should be getting stronger and able to do more. Without the right infrastructure, without the right skeleton, it starts to really break down becomes really messy to fix. And so what it does is that when you install this node, claude will actually build out your workspace structure uh and it creates a file called craft.md that it down it sort of outlines more below and make sure everything is in place for the nodes that come after it. Uh I actually think I I changed craft.md to claw.md. So this might have uh changed a bit. I will update this repo uh as I obviously you know update the AIOS. I just want to get this out to you guys as soon as I built it. And then we'll see that Claude called will ask us a few questions before um building everything. Uh and then what I'll need to do myself, as you'll see in a second, is uh open craftd and fill in the rest of it. And so how I actually know it's working is if I run slashst start in cloud code after creating this node um it'll greet me by name describe my business uh mention my current focus and that will mean the vault node is doing its job. So let's go back in here. Um what's my name and what I call my business or project. My name is Tommy and my business is AOSAI where we build and implement AI into small to mediumsiz businesses. I also have a YouTube channel where I show helpful AI tutorials. You'll see I built this to try and be as interactive as possible and to sort of walk you through uh the creation of this AIOS as well as if you were to sell this to a business owner um it makes it as user friendly for them as well. So in one sentence why I sell create and who's it for? I sell AOS systems as well as voice agents and other AI automations to small to medium-sized businesses located inside of the US. Uh I mainly target um business owners who are looking to scale their companies and they are generally companies between 10 uh and 50 employees. I also have a YouTube channel and uh I get sponsorships through there and I haven't monetized that fully yet. So that is my response. A bit more than uh one sentence there. I'm working solo or do I have a team? I mostly work solo. However, I have certain developers depending on the project I have with a client. Um and I recently had a team for my YouTube. However, uh my AIOS replaced them all. And so that was one of the the big things I got from AIOS is a lot of my content is now automated. uh in terms of a lot of the editing uh thumbnail creation etc. Then uh I am on Windows is the last question ask me or no there's one more uh I do have a GitHub account. Okay. So now it's saying uh is setting up all this uh and skipping the GitHub account creation. And then I will say yes ready to proceed. Okay. Now you can see um it it filled everything out. And then lastly, it just needs me and let me uh zoom in on this a bit uh to see it a bit better. Uh it wants me to paste my uh GitHub token and it tells me exactly how to find it. Go to github.com. Uh I go to the top right avatar uh and then it guides me on how to do that. Now I do not recommend pasting any tokens into the actual cloud chat if you can avoid it. uh instead go to your MMV file and you can paste it here uh manually. It's just as easy as uh actually pasting it into Claude except uh you don't give Quad access to any of your tokens. That's just a little security thing. I used to paste into Claude and I never ran into an issue. But um it's just bad practice. So if you can avoid it, I would. And so I'm going to go do that right now because I don't want to share my GitHub token. But um again, when you're actually setting this up, it walks you through it perfectly. Now, I just went and grabbed my GitHub token and put in the MV file. Also, make sure to save the MV file after you paste a token. So, I'm just going to tell Claude that this is done and see what the next steps are. Okay, so as we can see, it tells me the next next steps are still needs some more input uh in my CloudMD as far as my like strategy, voice, tone, email, profile, working preferences. That's fine. We actually have a node after this, the context node that will do all this for me. And so what I'm actually going to do is just clear this and then go slash start and see uh if Quad now recognizes um everything I already told it. And also the reason we uh use GitHub and we had to integrate with it is to actually you know make sure all this is sort of backed up and saved to GitHub so that doesn't just exist on our actual computers but exists out in the cloud too. So that you know if you ever switch machines you're able to still use your AIOS. And so you can see here um it's session ready. Uh says the date, who it's working with, my business state, current priorities, uh all this stuff. And so um again, it it really doesn't have a bunch of context on who I am yet. Uh however, you can see that this sort of uh gets the agent ready and you will know that you know your AI AIOS is um actually set up and working when uh this is all correct and accurate and that it's ready to do whatever task you need it to do. So I'm once again going to um clear this and go back to to GitHub. And so you can see here uh the next node we need to install is this context node. Now I will uh I will now go into cloud code. Uh and the way you do this for any new node is go slashinstall. Um and then if you come to the core node installs you can just come here copy this path and then paste it here and then let claude go to work. Now while that's working I want to explain a bit about what this node actually does. Um so what it is is this fills in the deeper knowledge of what makes claw genuinely useful for your business. So after this node, Cloud knows who your customers are, what you sell, how you communicate, and what you're focused on right now. It doesn't need to ask. It already knows. So what it does is it creates a set of files in your cloud workspace that reads every session when you do that start such as who you are, your business, your team, your strategy, and your voice. And it also gives you the option to bring in your existing AI conversation history from claude or chatbt. So if you've used been using AI for a while, you have a bunch of chats that is great data for your AIOS to understand more about who you are, what sort of tasks you do with AI and how it can start to actually automate them. And so uh once you actually, you know, install this, so this is what we just ran inside of Claude. It'll have a conversation with you asking about your business, customers, communication style, what you're working on right now, and we'll use all those answers to fill in the context files um during the install. So, by the time it's done, you should see real content and not that placeholder text you were seeing before. And remember, um, the better you answer your questions, the more useful your AIOS becomes. These things get smarter the more data you throw into it. Now, you don't want to throw stuff that that doesn't matter into it, but more context, it gets really good at working with it and understanding more about who you are. And so what you'll need to do yourself, uh, and I'd recommend you sort of do while it's installing is add certain writing samples of yourself. Um, review what Claude actually filled in. Don't just like accept it. And then perhaps uh, update this quarterly or monthly depending on how fast your business moves to make sure uh, that actually reflects what you're focused on right now. So, how to know it's working? It's the exact same as the previous one. just run start and check that uh the session summary mentions your business, your role, your current top priority accurately. So if we go back in here, we can see um it's going to ask me a set of questions. So question one is how would you describe your business to someone who's never heard of it? So uh I would say AOSAI is an AI consulting and implementation firm uh aimed at small to mediumsiz businesses which we would say are around 10 to 50 people just depending on the industry. Um and we help business owners you know implement AI and adjust to uh a new world. So question two is who's your customer and what problem do you solve for them? I already sort of addressed this, but my customer are small to medium-sized businesses, specifically their CEO or founder, and helping them uh implement AI effectively inside of their organization. Um, this could include consulting services. Uh, so, you know, making sure they actually know where AI would be most effective as well as implementation if they need any sort of custom software or solution. I use both Gmail and Outlook. And so what Claude's doing now is just sort of noting all this down to add to its context files. Um I would say my communication style uh is generally uh pretty detailed and thorough. Yes, I do. Let me import this now. And so what I'm going to do now is go and grab both my Quad and Chatbt um chat history. And so for Claude, if you come to their settings and then uh privacy, you come to your data um you can export your data and you can basically choose what to export. And so I'm just going to export everything. And so that will get started and hopefully that should download soon. One other thing I'm just going to uh tell Claude in this is that also please note I am creating a YouTube demo right now uh by setting up this AIOS. So, I want you to add to the claw.md and the context not to share any sensitive information about my company, uh, any clients or anything that I wouldn't be, um, want to actually be out uh, on the internet or public. So if you run into any point where you find that type of information, uh please scrub your output and put in like placeholder names that are sort of generic like client one, client two, maybe fake uh revenue numbers or other numbers related to their operations or my operations. So I'm just adding that um obviously because this is a YouTube demo uh and you know I want to be have some discretion on behalf of uh the people I work with and um let's see uh how long this export actually takes. Um it really depends on how many chats you have. I remember my chatbt export actually took a couple of hours and so hopefully uh I haven't been using claude as long I use chatbt there's like three years of e of uh data hopefully uh claude is a bit quicker. So Claude actually did uh within a minute or two send all of my chats via email. Um, I only ended up exporting in the past 30 days, uh, just to make sure, um, you know, this tutorial was, uh, a bit quicker because obviously if you wanted to export it all, really the way you do it doesn't change. It just means cloud code would be sifting through it for a bit longer. So, um, I'm just going to come here. I'm going to copy this. Then I'm going to go back into cloud code. That's not cloud code. This is cloud code. Um, and say I'm going to paste. Oh, it didn't let me paste that file. Can I paste it in here? So, um, all this data and I'm going to copy the path here. Gonna paste it there. Then what I'm going to tell Claude is this is an export of all of my Claude chats for the last 30 days. Um, please unzip this file and organize all this context accordingly uh within the AIOS uh according to the framework. And so now that that is running um we will see uh how this ends up and see what the actual six questions. Okay. So the last question is goalbased and it asked me what are two to three things I'm most focused on right now in the business specifically for uh this quarter. And so um it sort of can guess a bit about uh you know what I'm focused on based on the conversation history I've given it. Also, I'd recommend if you are working with a business owner or if you are a business owner yourself, you probably have a lot of documents you could upload uh in here during that context step that will give it a lot of information in context. I feel like I keep saying context, but a lot more information uh and and structure to build this world model of what your business actually is. Uh and so that could be things like you know past uh statements in terms of you know income statements. That could be a lot of marketing material how you actually pitch uh and want to uh sort of place your business in terms of actually marketing it and uh position your business I should say. Uh and you know I just wanted to mention that. But where are two to three things I'm most focused on right now in the business? I would say I want to reach 20,000 subscribers by the end of this summer. Uh, and then I also want to scale my business to consistently hitting uh, $20,000 a month in revenue. And so, boom. Uh, I would say those are uh, my two goals that I'm going to say for this demo. And, uh, now it should have most of the context. And we can then uh after this run slash start to see how it actually did if it consumed and sort of was able to chew through all of that context. Now you can see um all of these conversations were imported. Uh it filled in all these files based on my responses in the context it gave it and it said you know there's a couple things that still need to be filled in. So I could go back and forth with it and say, "Okay, help me fill in uh everything left to complete, but um thinking outside the box here, I sort of want to give you uh options here because cloud code is so powerful that it needs some voice samples for me. But what I can do um instead of going and copying and pasting bunch of stuff is I have a bunch of content on YouTube already of me talking for hours and hours on end. So, if I go to my channel and I can copy the link up here and then come back in here, I can just tell it go ahead use the YT- DLP uh to actually scrape the transcripts of some of my videos so that then you know uh sort of how I talk um and how I pitch myself and you know my content. And so yt-gl I just already know that's sort of a framework for um getting uh you know YouTube transcripts uh via the terminal. However, uh I learned that through cloud code. If I had asked probably the same thing without explicitly mentioning it, it probably could have done it as well. And so always feel free to like if you have a bunch of LinkedIn posts, try and point it to LinkedIn and see if it can scrape your post and do it for you. um because that way you don't have to go in and manually do all of this work. Uh you know some things you will have to do such as uh actually grabbing you know the the export data from claude. Um there's no way to do that through cloud code. Actually cla code might be able to I don't think it can. um they tend to be uh pretty wary around their data but um you can just see here how uh I can always add more context and as more things keep popping up as you keep working within AIOS um you'll notice more data sources you have that you forgot to connect and that will be a big point of our our next node which is the intelligence node which is all about connecting different uh data sources as we sort of reach um the actual reach phase of craft and exit. Uh the context section of it. And again, I want to reiterate because this part might seem a bit boring. Uh setting it all up, you know, just giving it a bunch of information. You might be thinking like, am I just turning this thing into another chatbt? The point of all this is you're building a world model for your agent to actually go out uh and understand exactly what your business needs so that when you add uh actions to it and give it actual specific functionality to automate things, it does it the correct way every time uh with full context similar to uh how you as a a business owner or founder need full context to complete any task in your business. Um so does the AI. And so, uh, here you can see, uh, it just built all of this. And so, now that a bunch of that context is set up, I'm going to clear this chat, go slash start, and I'm going to see what it comes up with now. Because remember before it really just knew my name and my company name and generally like what I did. Uh, so hopefully now it will know a lot more about me. And so here you can see um it says it's session ready uh who I'm working with, current priorities um and uh all of that. And so you can see it has a general context about who I am because it was able to read through each of these files. And now you know I could continue to have a conversation with it. However, um we're not done just yet. Uh we do have to go to the next node. And uh these nodes again are the foundation nodes. And so the next one is the intelligence node which we will find over here. So if I come back to um you know the core node installs come to intelligence node then come to the readme.md you I can just copy this command once again uh go back into claude paste it and it will begin to install that. Now what is the intelligence node? This is the node that connects claude to your actual live business data. So remember we were talking about you know static versus live data previously. Uh this is what connects it to the live data. So we are giving it all the static data. You know my name's not going to change. My company and my goals genuinely don't change um that often. However uh my revenue dayto day might might change. Uh certainly does week to week. Um the amount of views on my YouTube changes like every single minute. uh and so keeping up with that sort of data. We don't want to keep copying and pasting that uh into claude. And so that's what the intelligence node exists for. And so it pulls numbers from the tools we're already using such as YouTube, Stripe, uh Gmail, Outlook, Fireflies, you know, an AI noteaker. It stores them locally and gives Claude a live view of what's happening in your business every day. So before this node, Claude knows about your business only from what you've told it. And so after this node, it can see everything that's happening, compare that to what you've told it, and actually come up with uh new ideas and sort of act as an actual assistant uh where you can really run your company uh from cloud code. Uh and that's why we call it an operating system. And so what it does is this node installs collectors, which are small programs that run in the background and will pull data from your connected tools on a schedule. So every morning uh they can update a snapshot of your business numbers or if you ask it to do you know a specific um task it can go uh reference the numbers reference whatever uh platforms you're connecting to and it's not just about getting data uh once I connect it to my Gmail or Outlook my AIOS now has the functionality to actually send emails for me and so if I want to decide to add you know a different um action later a different node or skill later that actually sends emails. I don't have to connect uh Gmail or Outlook at that point because it's already connected which is another benefit. And so um I just say like you only connect the tools you actually use. Uh and so Claude can skip everything else. And so once it's running, you also get a file called reach uh MD uh that Claude reads every section session that you open. So when you run like slash start and uh we have uh an extra skill. I want to see where I can find my skills in here. Uh yeah, we have an extra one slashpulse um where uh you can actually check the pulse on your business and see how everything is going and see it from you know a bird's eye view is what that skill is specifically for. So what actually happens when we install it is clog will ask you for what tools you use uh before you do anything. you'll confirm which sources you want to connect and Claude will tell you exactly what's going to set up, what it's skipping, and it'll walk you through each connection one at a time. And so, some connections just need a key you copy and paste, such as GitHub. Um, others, like Gmail or Outlook, need you to actually sign in through a browser once, so Claude has permission to read your inbox, but you only do this once, and then after that, it's automatic. Uh Claude will also set up a daily schedule so everything runs automatically in the background without you having to think about it. Now what you'll need to do yourself which you're about to see is actually give it the API keys, give it the connections, make sure clause is authorized to use everything and how to know it's working is after you install it um you could run slash start again. it might give you some of that data, but slash pulse is meant uh specifically to return real numbers for from your business um and cross reference them with uh the goals you already told Claude. And so if you see your data in there um you are good uh it's working properly. And if there is certain data you don't see because some of these connections can be a bit finicky uh or you know not work as intended then just work through that with claude mention it to it um and you can troubleshoot from there. So, if we go back into Claude, you can see here the first question it asks me is if there is a YouTube channel I want to track. Now, I'll probably change this. Most of you guys aren't YouTubers. Um, but you could assume this could be any sort of uh data source or, you know, social media source you want to track such as, you know, uh perhaps LinkedIn, although their their connection isn't great. Um, but, you know, Twitter, anything like that. And so I actually do have a YouTube channel. So I'm gonna say yes, I do have a YouTube channel I want to track. I want to integrate into it uh using the Vid IQ API. I do that because I have Vid IQ to actually track all my metrics and that tends to be a bit more robust um than the actual YouTube API. It's also easier to get um because YouTube is a bit rough. And so you can see here like it'll say like this node was built for this. Um but you know it can build it to match whatever you want. Uh do I use a payment processor for revenue? Yes, I bank with Mercury. I use Stripe for um processing invoices and stuff but I don't want to connect those right now because this is just a demo. One of the most valuable things I've learned and a lot of people are wary of it but connecting your payments gives you like the clearest view of your business. I mean, money uh is the blood of every any business uh every business. You need it to keep going to keep operating. It's what most people are optimizing for, whether they're optimizing for um better profit margins or more revenue. It's all about making more money. Um and so definitely uh do that integration. It's worth it. Claude, like I wouldn't worry that much about uh data privacy unless you really have um a uh you're in like a very big organization and there's some reason you have to keep that private. Um then there's other ways around that like using a BPS. But uh which email do I use? Uh so Claude actually already knows that. I already told you that before. Do you remember? Yep. You can see uh it knows there. Um, you can skip email also. The reason I'm skipping email is because I just like for demo purposes. I don't have to like connecting each of these platforms is generally more or less the same. Uh, for each one, an email tends to be a bit more uh involved and um, Claude, it just has more steps, but Claude will walk you through that for connecting whatever it is. Um, I'm going to say yes, I use Fireflies uh for uh my meeting transcription. Uh, and then I'm on Windows. I already told Claude that, but you know, it likes to be to to make sure. Uh, and so, uh, yes, that looks good. Now, um if you have any other uh tools that you use within your business, um most companies have a pretty robust tool stack. It depends industry to industry which ones you use. Um such as like QuickBooks for accounting, maybe you have um a bunch of data in your Google Drive. It's always good to connect that. Uh and so, you know, the more things you can connect here, the better. But at least for a starting point, I sort of wanted to cover, you know, the main things that you use. A lot of people that are going to be implementing AIOS already have an AI note taker for their meetings. That's a great source of data. Um, one of the best sources of data if you have a bunch of meetings in there. And so, um, it is asking me uh two different questions. Do I have a Vid IQ API key or uh, are you working for an account login? I'm going to say I have an API key. Um, and I'm going to say, uh, I want just basic stats. And so I just grabbed the Vid IQ API key. Now, one thing I do want to mention uh, is the difference between API keys and MCP. Uh MCP or mild context protocol is works essentially the exact same as an API key from a user perspective of it goes out and grabs data and gives it access to whatever platform you're connecting to. The only difference uh in terms of like usability from claude code like not just like technical differences in how it was made is that MCP tends to use up a lot more context inside of Claude. And so, especially if you're only on the $20 a month plan, that can muddy up uh not only making your responses from Claude uh a bit worse because it's just dealing with a bunch more information it doesn't need, but uh you can run through your usage a lot quicker as well. So if there is an API key available, uh I tend to prefer that because even if you use a bunch of different APIs, uh the MCP like you just rarely use every single API connection uh with a company to where the MCP would be more useful than the specific API key. Um and you know, AI is able to figure out which APIs to use. It can go out and read the documentation. Cloud will do that automatically. Uh so I tend to just prefer API keys over MCP. Now, um, it just gave me this, so I'm gonna paste this into the MV folder real quick. So, one thing I noticed was that, uh, Claude again, uh, asked me to paste the token in here, but I want to paste it uh, manually myself. And, uh, I don't see a Vid IQ uh, place to actually uh, paste it inside of here. And so, I'm going to say I will paste them add uh, Vid uh, IQ placeholder uh, to the MV. And so that's all you have to say. Uh and it'll add that to your MV. And then uh you can go in uh find that place and actually paste it. Now you can see here it is also asking for my Firefly API key. So I'm going to go uh and grab it real quick. Or actually actually what I'm going to do instead is pretend like I don't know how to find the API key. I'm gonna say, "I don't know where to find my Fireflies API key. Can you tell me how to actually find it in their dashboard?" Again, I just want to demonstrate that Claude will help you walk through um all of this with you. And so, you should utilize that and use that to your advantage. Um and so, you can see here, it tells me exactly where to find my API key. So, I can literally just press on this link. Uh it'll take me to Fireflies and I can find it from there. So, I just gave it my API key. So, I'm going to say done. Uh, you have both API keys, and it will go in and check. It can read through there. Uh, it can see if it has them or not. Um, says my channel ID is still empty. Uh, I mean, oh, so my channel ID is actually something uh different. I thought it was just at Tommy Chris. Um, wow. I have to control F to find my channel ID. Okay, so let's do that. Ah, so now it tells me uh an easier way of doing it from YouTube Studio. So let me go do that real quick. Okay, so I was able to find it. So I'm just going to say done here. And uh let's see what this creates. Now once again, like I was mentioning, you can connect a lot more platforms here. And I would recommend you actually spend a good amount, you know, 30 minutes to an hour trying to connect everything in this intelligence stage. Um, you know, right now you can pause this course. Uh, you can go, it's a bit boring, maybe throw on some music, uh, sort of walk claw through, you know, what you actually do on a day-to-day basis, you know, all the tools you use. Um, and work from there. Uh, and so all three. So now let's initialize the database. Um, I'm just going to ask Claude if it can do that for me. Can you do for me? uh um because usually um you know Claude's able to uh do a lot of this on its own. So I actually goofed a little bit and uh I misunderstood. I thought they had specific API keys, but um the API keys are only for their MCP and uh it uses up some credits. So uh Claude actually figured that out for me. I'm going to tell it keep Vid IQ. Uh we can just use their MCP instead. So again, I know I was just hating on MCP. Um, if I again had the choice between an API or MCP, I would choose the API, but um, you know, if MCP is all they have, you sort of have to go with that. I would be careful about implementing too many tools with MCP though. Uh, especially because, you know, in my actual AIOS, you know, I have 10 15 uh, different connectors in there. And so that can really build uh a lot of context and use up a lot of usage from claude that is just unnecessary. It's not adding anything to the AIOS. It's not making it any more effective. And so um being able to know those things and differentiate between APIs and MCP is not only useful for you personally in making your you know AIOS and cloud workspace more effective but you know if you are going to sell this to clients um you know it's it's good to be educated on that and be able to educate them on that because it positions you as an expert. Okay. So now that this is done it says everything's live and um you know it gives me a bit of context about the actual MCP. again. It uses again it uses credits. So Cloud's actually able to discern um you know the best way to actually use this these credits especially because this is something we're planning on running daily. And speaking of that um it actually wants us to start uh creating a task now to run these daily. I don't want to do that quite yet. Um and so I'll make sure that once uh this video is actually published, I will again update uh all these nodes to make sure you know they they run as intended. Again, some of these sort of bled into each other as I created the different nodes because I obviously set up my own AIOS um you know myself and then sort of created these nodes based on what I found useful day-to-day. Uh and so it's not as clearly defined. Um so I'm actually not going to do that now. But now that we have all this information, I am going to clear this. And once again, as we saw in GitHub and in the readme, the way to actually test make sure this is working by running slashpulse and uh seeing what this returns back. So we should see um our live data. Uh and so it says the intelligence node uh is not connected yet. So if I go back and I I resume the previous conversation. So here we are. And I'm just gonna tell Claude, I just tried running slashpulse and uh it said this node wasn't uh installed yet. Um I don't want to do the actual task scheduling or daily reports uh until later. I just wanted to connect all my data sources. And I'm also going to switch this to bypass permissions. make the questions more robust and less specific. Okay, so the issue here is that um the node was made assuming that this AIOS would be the root folder and not a folder inside of um you know the AIOS demo YouTube. And so uh it gave me two options, but I know I just want to change that. And again, this would be changed. You know, these issues you're seeing now I will iron out. Um, and so when you're following along, you probably actually won't even run into these. Uh, so I'll just tell it, no, I want you to uh update every command to prefix um the AIOS on all those paths. Uh, I want to be able to run from whatever folder um from this AIOS demo YouTube folder. And so once that is done, uh we'll be back here and hopefully slash pulse runs and uh perfectly at that point. Okay, so it just got done updating all those files. So let's see um if slash pulse works. So again, when starting any new workspace, you want to use slash start just to make sure it loads all of that context cloud codes working properly um and everything's doing good. So you can see um you know the session's ready and then uh now I want to say slash pulse. Okay. So I'm not sure what the issue was but I basically just copy and pasted uh everything and told to fix it and it did. You can see I haven't ran / pulse yet. And now when I run slashstart uh it tells me my business state in terms of uh you know my YouTube and everything like that and my current priorities. And so now I want to run / pulse and it should actually give me something sort of similar to this. Um but let's see. So I'm I'm going to click yes. Uh here I'm again going to turn on a bypass permissions so it can just run whenever it wants. And so you can see here um obviously I don't have a ton of data sources connected um and so you can see you know these are the only metrics I have uh and then you know the data freshness in terms of you know uh how recently it collected it and uh you know as you add more sources uh you can update the slashpulse command to include those. Uh so this is just you know a quick overview and uh you can see here it also says when you know perhaps pieces of data are missing and so you know I could go back and forth with it and say okay like that's an issue I really need um you know to see my top videos or whatever uh how can we actually start to see that see top performers etc. It'll walk you through and perhaps explore different options for that. So, I'm going to go slashclear here. And so, now you can see we have um the vault ready. And so, we uh have everything and we can push it to a GitHub. It's actually a part I forgot about here um that you know I should have mentioned earlier. And so um if we go back to uh here and we see we go back to the uh big readme for everything you can see we have uh this skill that okay so now that we have installed um three major core nodes I actually do want to uh push all of this to GitHub and the way you would do that is I've already connected my GitHub API key. So, I'm just going to tell it I want to push all this to a private repository on GitHub just to make sure um that everything's uh keeping up, that the AIOS uh is backed up on there and you know that I can see all the version history uh on there as well. Would you be able to uh create a repository on GitHub for me and push everything there? Now, honestly, I'm not sure if Quad Code can uh actually create a repository. I might have to do it myself. Um, but I know it can actually push things to the repository. But if it could create uh itself, that would be fantastic. So, here we go. Um, for this GitHub repository, uh, iOS um, demo YouTube uh, is what I want to name it. And then, uh, GitHub account should be under the personal account. So, I just went through a long back and forth with Claude and uh I came to the conclusion that I just rather not um mess around with having it create a repo. Uh it ended up updating this one with the samples and everything, which I didn't want to do because this is just a template. Um and so, uh see, you know, I had to reverse that. So, basically the way you push it to GitHub is you go to GitHub. uh GitHub new uh repository. And this is super easy. So um don't get wigged out by this. Uh name it whatever you want. So I'm going to say uh demo YouTube. And then uh make sure it's private. Uh you really don't want a public repo unless you're making content like this and you're sharing it like I am with the other one. And so once I create uh this repository, you'll see it'll give me a couple ways to set it up. I just like to copy and paste all of this, throw it into Claude and say um push everything to this repository. It'll do it super quick. Um and that's just the the best way to go about this. Uh I was thinking, you know, if Claude was uh able to create the repository for us, it was simple enough that'd be a bit easier because we can just do it all within the cloud code window. But it doesn't seem like that's the case. And so we can now see it said uh it pushed everything to GitHub. So if we go back to um this repository we just made, refresh this. Uh you can see everything um is in here. And again, since we forked the original AIOS, uh you have a bunch of like these readmes and stuff, which are fine now as you're setting it up. But, uh once you actually finish this course, uh it's feel free to just tell Claude to like clean everything up because you don't end up needing like this readme um for this operating system. Or you could tell it to modify it to make it specific to you because when you're using it for personal use, um there's not a whole lot of like use for this. But you can see here that um it now has you know access and uh this exists on the cloud. So if you accidentally delete all of your folders as long as you're regularly um pushing and updating uh on the GitHub uh when you make big changes or every so often um you know things should be you know all good. Uh it's also you know GitHub provides a lot of other functionality in terms of like version history, pull requests, etc. if you ever want to go back to a previous version of your AIOS. So this is important whether you're using it for personal use or setting this up uh for a company or client. Obviously um this matters a lot. And uh so going back to um here I'm just going to clear this. We now uh just to recap have set up our vault node. Uh so the infrastructure making sure you know it knows what's going on inside of GitHub. We've set up the context node so that it has the general context, the static context about our business and who we are. And third, we have the intelligence node. So, it's able to access outside data uh from our company as well as run the slash pulse command that is able to sort of let us know or notify us um every time. uh as well as it's able to run the sl command uh which helps us you know keep a pulse on our business and check and make sure everything's going well. Okay, so I actually just made a change to the GitHub. I know I was saying I was making changes, but this one I started recording uh the next section and I realized I did have to make a change to um the order of some of this. So the mobile node is now node four, the coffee debrief is now um node five, despite the mobile node being a flow node, and this being an action node um which I know sort of breaks up the the craft uh framework. But the coffee debrief, it just it works better when you already have mobile installed because the cool thing about it is that you get the debrief um onto your phone and it's sent automatically every morning. And so what I want to set up first uh is this mobile node which lets you interact with your your AIOS um on the go uh through your phone through a platform called Telegram. And so I'm going to go slashinstall uh and then take uh the path of this uh mobile node and paste it in there. And it'll start to um do that. And so basically uh I know it still says five here. I'll update this after, but I just want to make that change on the fly. So, what this node does is it creates a Telegram bot connected to your workspace. And so, you can message it like you message a person or like you message Claude. Uh, so you can ask any business questions, you know, query about your numbers, capture a specific task you want done, and it can log that. Uh, and it will respond based on like your actual context and data. So, it's essentially allowing you to um talk to your AIOS uh on the go. Now, um if you the problem with it is that uh it's stateless. And so, where where does it mention this? There we go. So, the bot is stateless, meaning it doesn't carry memory between messages. So, it's really just best for like single questions and quick lookups and not long back and forth se sessions. And so like for deeper, more intense work, um clawed code on your computer is what you'll want to use. However, uh when you're just if your AIOS is already set up the way you want it, uh using it on the go will be perfectly fine. And so here's a couple of things it can do is it can answer business questions, making sure it uses your context and live data. It responds uh in whatever style you set. Uh and there's a couple of options there uh that I just sort of out of the box give you. It lets you send voice notes. Um, I'm actually not going to set up this that part. Uh, you can imple implement uh like OpenAI whisper or something to actually transcribe voice notes. Um, I don't care that much about voice notes. I also already have whisper flow as you see here. And that also comes as an app that I can have on my phone. Uh it also accepts uh messages that go straight to our task inbox which is something you'll see in the productivity node and is related to the actual tuning of the agent. Um and it only responds to you or whoever you authorize. Um and so everyone gets uh locked out unless of course they somehow like stole your phone. Um and so what you'll need to actually do uh I'll just show you here. So first I'm going to zoom in on this. I'll get rid of this side view. And so, first it asked me, do I want to send voice notes? Um, I don't. I'm fine with text only, honestly. I know some people really prefer voice notes. Uh, and then, uh, do I want the bot to generate format PDF reports? Um, yes. Generate charts and graphs. Um, no, I don't think I need charts and graphs. Uh, and then it will run on Windows. And so there we go. I'm going to hit yes. And so u my actually was populated with a couple of things like the Telegram bot token uh and some other stuff uh prior because I had one like I mentioned sort of started setting this up and I wanted to uh revise it. But I'm going to tell it I actually want to do the Telegram integration all from the very beginning. So can you run through that with me? And now um we will see how this goes. So first obviously you'll need to install Telegram. Um but then it asks us to create a new telegram bot and uh reply with the token. So basically how that will go is you'll come into telegram come to chats and if you search up atbotf father you'll see um this person will show up and if you click start uh your whoops you're able to chat with this bot and this basically allows you to create new AI bots uh through telegram and the reason we're using telegram is it's just really friendly to creating you know AI I bots and connecting with systems like quad code. And so we're going to start by typing in new bot and that will be our command. What I want to call it is arose YouTube demo or not a rose AIOS. And then um we need a actual name that ends in bot. So I'm just going to go underscorebot. Then add another underscore over here. So it'll be AIOS YouTube bot. Uh and then I will copy this token here. You can just click on it to copy it apparently. Um and then I will paste this in myv. Now I just got done pasting that in myv. So I will say done. I will just say it has the right one because I don't want to paste it in the chat. And now we have to create a telegram group. So basically uh we will and so what I will do is I will come down here to this pencil. And this works the exact same if you were doing this on the actual mobile app. I'll actually zoom in a bit so you can see a bit better. Um I will go new group and then I want to add this AIOS uh YouTube bot. And so I'll type in AIOS_YouTube uh_bot. And there we go. We have it right here. And then uh that will be our new group. So once you are inside of the group, what you want to do uh is come up to uh these three bars over here. So you click on the group, you come to the three bars. Actually think you can do it over uh I think you can only do it over here. Come to group info. Uh and then you want to click on um these pencil up here uh which then lets you edit the administrators. You want to add uh this AIOS YouTube bot demo uh as uh an admin. So you want to give it uh all permissions uh it needs. I guess it doesn't have to remain anonymous, but I'll give that a check mark there. So we you can see we just uh promoted it. And then uh what we need to do after is make sure this topics is enabled. And so um going back here uh give it all administrator permissions. Um edited. So say that is done. And what I'm actually going to do is then uh bring this down. close this uh so that we can see this right here uh as we continue working. And so what it wants us wants us to do so I'll say run this in the terminal for me and then uh we have to send a message in the group while that is running. So we just sent the message uh it ran said it's still empty. Okay, so the issue is resolved. It actually wasn't um it was clogged code making error. So it didn't go and grab the new bot ID. I had put in. MV from uh the previous one because I created a new bot obviously for the demo. Um so I told it like uh we're using a different bot. Um and so uh it used the correct ID. Um now it's working and now we are on to um the next step. So it was able to grab uh the chat ID from here. Uh, I'm going to drag this back. And now it's asking us for an anthropic API key. Um, obviously because it needs to actually generate the response and connect to Claude. However, um, the cool thing is we can actually just use our existing Claude plan. And so all you have to do is tell it that. I'd rather just use my existing Claude subscription instead of putting in the API key. Now, um, you can use the API key, but when you're already paying for a plan, I'd rather just use the usage on that plan. So Claude once again uh sort of goofed up and uh basically said we needed to use the API key which is false. Um and so now it's having us uh install some dependencies. So I'm just telling it to do it for me. Um again uh I will try and fix these nodes as much as I can but sometimes you just deal with the variability of uh AI and chatbt uh or not chatbt of AI. Sorry it's been a long time recording. Um, and so, uh, what you'll see is that it's really helpful to have a course like this, um, because I'm able to tell you what I have been able to do with the AIOS, and you don't have to sort of default to whatever Claude wants to do. Because when I actually, uh, was originally trying to connect Telegram, I tried a bunch of different ways. I tried Discord bots, whatever. Um, and it took a really long time to actually get this mobile node uh up and going, but this has been the most effective way for me. Uh, even though, you know, installing it here, uh, we've run into some issues. Uh, but that's how it goes. Especially when you're recording a video, uh, it loves to run into some issues. So, uh, I'll be back once this is done. Uh, and I'll update you then. So, it just came back with this message to, um, run that. And uh let's just tell it uh you run it for me. And then um let me go uh into here and see what's going on and see if uh it sends back any anything. And so, as you can see, um, the AI just sent me a message saying, "Hey, what are you working on?" I'm going to go slash new, um, and ask it, "What is my YouTube views?" And let's see. It should be able to, uh, respond. So I want to say what are my YouTube views? This And so you can see the the agent was typing for a bit there. Um but after I did so I guess I just have to do slash new. Um sorry this is all uh stuff I just learned. I want to get it out to you guys as soon as possible. Um and you can see sort of took the pulse uh it actually ran the pulse command when I asked about my YouTube views. You can see there's a couple characters in here that's sort of messing up. It's probably characters that it can show um in its own dashboard, but Telegram uh doesn't recognize. And then you can see my subscribers and the date, the total views and the date. So, you can imagine as you add more connections, more context to your AIOS, um this Telegram chat becomes a whole lot more effective. Uh it's honestly something that I haven't used that much. I'm usually by my computer anyways, especially when I have to record videos. Um, I work from home, but so many business owners do work on the go. Uh, you know, they're on the go. They're always on their phone. They're trying to get stuff done. And so, uh, working from your phone through an app like Telegram, being able to interact with your AIOS is, uh, just a huge jump in productivity. and it doesn't tie you to uh your office and actually allows you um uh funny enough to be a lot more present whether that's to do things in your own life uh travel whatever that might be or uh just get your time back so that you're not at the office all the time. And so uh again if you wanted to start a new chat uh again you can just go slash new and then uh you can continue to converse with the actual agent. Now, uh the next thing I do want to cover now that we've set that up is the actual coffee debrief. And this is cool because it utilizes um this mobile node from before to automatically every morning send uh a new sort of debrief to your phone. Now, you can actually run it from just a claw desktop. I used to do this before I found a good way to run it from Telegram, but now I really like to wake up and actually get this debrief. Another thing I do want to mention for the mobile node is that unfortunately you do have to leave your computer open the entire time you will be using it. If you shut off your computer or it dies, you won't be able to continue chatting with the bot. So, what I've done is pretty much every computer um Windows, Mac has some way of making sure it doesn't go to sleep after a certain amount of time. And so, I basically just turn that on for my computer so that it doesn't automatically shut off. I leave it plugged in uh pretty much all the time at least when I leave the house. So now that that is done uh the next node we will install which is actually the only action we will be installing um in this course. Uh I have mentioned that you know actions are highly personal to what you're trying to achieve uh and do day-to-day but I do believe the coffee debrief is something that literally every single person whether you're a business owner um or an employee uh whether you know you run a a plumbing company or you run a fully online business uh and whether that business has 10 people or a thousand people this is something that is useful um for literally everyone. And what it is is it's basically a node that takes um everything that the intelligence node actually collects. So um that's all your metrics, your emails, your meeting summaries, everything that might change dayto-day uh and creates a structured morning sort of intelligence report or a debrief you can have uh with your coffee uh and read. So um it might generate a chart of your most important number uh and then send the whole thing to your telegram before you start your day. And uh we're actually able to schedule it. So it does that every single morning. So um what it does is each morning it collects all those numbers. So it'll break down what happened yesterday in your business. Um any numbers actually moved. Uh it'll filter through your emails that actually matter. That's really useful for me. Uh I used to wake up and I'd have to read through all these emails, especially because I make YouTube videos. My my email is super easy to find. There's just so much junk in there. Uh it'll also address what came up in recent meetings uh and whatever deserves your attention today. So um diving into this uh let's copy this come over here uh and start installing it. Going to turn on bypass permissions here uh and get along with it. Now while that is uh generating I do want to mention that I did make uh about a 40-minute video all about the coffee debrief here. Um that coffee debrief looked a bit different. I sort of modified it to actually schedule on Telegram. Uh however, there were some other features um in that action that I created that are a bit different. I go a bit more in depth uh in how you know breaking down how the coffee debrief actually works. I also give a short overview of um what an AIOS actually is. And so I would say this course is much more comprehensive at giving you a full picture. But if you would be uh looking for more content uh like this, I definitely recommend giving that a watch. It might give you some other ideas on how to um you know potentially set up you know some of your actions in your workspace like the coffee debrief. But coming back to quad um we can see here uh that the environment already has um Gemini Flash installed. Let me zoom in here. It's a bit hard to see. uh Gemini Flash installed and that's the recommended option uh for us to actually generate these coffee debriefs. Um it's recommended just because it's really cheap uh and you know when you're compiling all the information, you don't need a super smart model to uh help you out. And so I'll say yes, let's use uh Gemini. Um if you don't have the Gemini API key or you want to use a different API key, it will show you how to do that uh if you ask it to. And how much detail do I want my morning brief? And so I'll say the founder preset, which is just uh a bit quicker, a bit briefer, is perfectly good with me. Um, is this the single most important number in my business right now? I'll just say yes. Um, I wouldn't say YouTube subscribers always is. Uh, but you know, it's something I'm definitely focused on right now. And then when do I want my uh it to be delivered? 7 a.m. works, although might not be up uh that early every day. And then is there anything uh specific I want my brief to um cover? Uh no. Again, you can get a lot more personal with this. And uh you know, you can start to see how the coffee debrief skill will go a lot smoother if you provide a ton of context and you hook up a bunch more nodes because your AIOS starts to figure out what's important to you, um what it needs to focus on, uh and stuff like that. And so this is where it really feeds into each other. And you can see as you build up these different layers inside of your AIOS, it gets be uh a lot more powerful. And uh that goes for, you know, whether you're building it for yourself or a company. [snorts] Okay. So now the coffee debrief is actually going to run through um five different steps here. And the first one is uh testing the prompt actual assembler. And so uh once we run this, it should print a prompt containing uh all this information. And essentially what this does is in each step we're making sure uh you know the coffee debrief is working perfectly so that you know you're not running the entire pipeline. Then you figure out uh the actual prompt in there and what the brief is creating you don't want. And so you're able to check at each of these points. So, I'm just going to tell it to run uh step one. We can check that output. If it's good, we can move on to step two. Uh and then we can uh move on to step three. If step two is good, etc. Um and you know, we're able to fix it anywhere here. Okay. Now, I want to say um run step two. Uh it said it worked. We can see the system prompt here. Uh if we want to check that out. All right. So, uh it told me step two passes. Uh it generated a full brief, but there were a couple things um worth worth noting. And so um you can always ask it to show the full output to you in here. Uh you can also click on any of these um and see the full output. And then um I would just say uh run it for me. Uh and now we'll test step three which is generating um some sort of dashboard or image. Uh you know obviously a lot of companies are tracking key metrics day-to-day. Think of an e-commerce business. You might be checking um you know your sales dayto-day and uh you know being able to see a chart each day for that is really cool and really useful. Um it's helps you visualize the data uh which you know it sounds simple sounds like you know 1,00 to 2,000 you can just see the difference but it's a lot different to see it on graph see trends um etc. All right so it just said uh we ran step four which is uh the actual test message sent but it seems like uh okay so it ran step three and then immediately went to step four. Um, so we can click here to see the image or I guess not. Let me see um what it sent in Telegram. Okay, here we go. So um in Telegram you can see uh this is working. It did send twice. So I'm going to tell it that this was the graph it created. Um my subscribers have not changed much because there's no it doesn't have any trailing data. It just has today's data. Um and I will say uh it worked. However, it sent twice to Telegram. So, it looks like it misunderstood what I said a bit. It thought it said I said like it just sent two messages, but it actually sent uh the same two messages twice in a row. So, I'm going to send it a screenshot um just to let it know. But actually did this but when it sent um the full test here uh or actual test you know it sent the chart and it didn't send this twice. Um so maybe I don't have to fix it uh now that I see this. But now what I want to do is I want to um tell it to schedule it for um 5:00 or 4:00 today. You can see that's in 6 minutes. So, I'm going to tell it, please schedule um the next brief to send at 4:00 today. Um which is in 6 minutes. I want to make sure uh the actual taskuler works. Now, the way um these AI do this is each sort of operating system, and I'm not talking about AI operating systems. I'm talking about Mac, Windows, Linux. Each of them has their own way of actually scheduling tasks and keeping track of time. And so Windows has um the taskuler. I'm like 95% sure it's called. Um Mac uses something called cron jobs. And then I'm not sure what it is on Linux, but uh Claude already knows your operating system. I made sure that was a question I baked in uh in the earlier node. So it should be able if you just tell it to schedule for a specific time should be able to recognize um whether it has to use cron whether it has to use the taskuler just based on the operating system it's within but um it is good to know that that could be a potential place that um this goes wrong and for any future builds or actions you can explicitly mention that you want it to be set on like uh you want to be like a crown job that you know runs uh you know every day at x amount uh x time or um you know runs every hour or two etc. So um the next runtime uh is at 4 p.m. And so I am going to sit here for about 5 minutes uh wait for that to come through and then uh at that point it will be confirmed uh that you know this is all running perfectly. I can go back and tell it to start scheduling it for 7 a.m. every single day and getting that cadence of um being able to roll out of bed uh with my AIOS fully briefing me for the day. So 4 p.m. just hit. Uh let's see when this message comes through. Obviously it takes a second or two for it to actually generate. Um and so let's see. So, we can see um it just sent uh the image and now the actual text should follow soon. Obviously, if you need it like directly at 7, I'd recommend scheduling it for 658 uh or 659, but you know, uh a minute or two delay is not too bad. I do want to mention as this we're still waiting for this to come through. Uh another thing uh just like actually using Telegram away from your computer, your computer will have to be open overnight. um it can't operate and run these jobs and check the times when it's closed. Um, so, uh, I do recommend, you know, just making your computer sort of act as like a desktop when you're away from it, plugging it in, uh, making sure it's still open, making sure you turn on the settings that allow it to actually, you know, keep its power on, um, overnight and so it doesn't go to sleep because, uh, you know, a lot of these really powerful uses of the AIOS, um, are because, uh, you can actually schedule these tasks and, you know, that flow sort of, um, layer that we're talking out for the AIOS. Um, additionally, I know a lot of people uh with the Open Claw thing, blah blah Mac minis, if you do buy a smaller computer like that, um, Whoops. You can uh also just schedule things um on those as well. Uh, and so that way you can take your laptop uh elsewhere if you need it. But honestly, for me uh and other founders I know that um you are running pretty big companies, just running it off their laptop is more than fine. So, it's now 4:03 and I'm starting to think uh this other part of the message isn't going to come through. So, I'm gonna tell that to Claude. Say, "Hey, only the graph came through uh at 4 p.m. Uh the other full brief message didn't come through. Can you go research that and make sure everything's good?" So, um I just told it and uh it said to test again and so the fix was removing um some sort of markdown is it was trying to send uh it with bold text and Telegram basically rejected that. So, I'm not sure uh why that happened there. Um but you can see it sent through again. And uh you can obviously continue to test this, troubleshoot it, you know, read through it, ask uh for stuff you do or don't want. Another thing I enjoy doing is if you are going to connect your Google Drive, uh I like to sort of store them uh in a file there where um it can grab uh each you know brief and you know it'll automatically you know create a Google doc uh as long as sending the message and uh it can store all of them in the same folder in your Google Drive. Uh especially if you are going for a more in-depth brief every morning that's a bit longer maybe closer to 8 to 10 minutes to read. I would recommend uh at that point not sending it all through Telegram because Telegram actually has like a limit to how big their messages can be. And so if you try and send a huge amount of text, it just doesn't look great. And instead sending like some sort of executive summary and then having it linked to that Google doc you created, which is exactly what I did in that coffee debrief video I showed earlier. But now that we have um this daily scheduling actually set up uh it's time to move on to our uh last and final node which is the productivity node. Now once again uh big credit to Liam who put me on to um the GTD method getting things done. Now I do know uh there is a whole book around this um but he was the one who specifically sort of ticked me off to actually using it uh in the context of like AI and AIOS where um I think it it fits like pretty much perfectly this methodology and uh it's a five-step stress feed productivity system uh that boosts efficiency by moving tasks from your mind to an external organized system. Uh and so you can just already sort of feel how the AIOS was literally built for this because um it is meant as an external organized system uh that sort of acts as your your second brain, your mind, whatever and having full context. So um going through and reading uh what it is um it's a full system. It has a capture inbox. Uh it'll capture active projects, any sort of delegated items, um future ideas, and a weekly review. Uh so you actually look forward to um running uh and making sure you know weekly you know you're not losing all these things you actually store inside of there. Um so this is a fix especially if you have a bunch of ideas and information scatter across a bunch of different apps. Uh, and so there's, uh, five main parts, uh, as it mentioned. And so, um, there's your inbox, your projects, your next actions, things you're waiting for, and then like the someday may uh, and then, you know, those all get bundled up into the weekly review. And so, um, now, uh, let's run this. So, coming back to Claude, I'm going to clear, I'm going to go slash start. And actually before we run this um I am going to make sure uh you know we push everything to GitHub now that we have installed a brand new node. So I'll just get that ready. And I also want you to push uh all this to GitHub uh and making sure you know everything's backed up. And so it is asking me um the GitHub repository name. Uh I believe it was the AIOS. Um, and actually it seems like it doesn't uh recognize the existing GitHub repo that I already had built it into. So obviously if you do want to come and find all your GitHub repos, you can just find them um in here. I have a couple different ones. Here is the AOSAI demo YouTube. Um, this is what we're going to be pushing into. And so I can just copy this here and say this is the one we're pushing into. You should already have access to it. And so I'm just going to make a pull request there to actually um make sure everything's good. So boom, all that was committed. So I'm going to slash clear again. So you should get into the habit of pushing to GitHub anytime, especially when you make major changes. Um so it's a good habit. You can just tell it super easy uh to tell it to push to GitHub. Um and so I'm once again going to uh start. Make sure uh everything is good and then get ready to slashinstall um this final node, the productivity node. So I'm going to copy this path, paste that there um and everything looks good. I'll start to load that up uh just so that starts running now and I will come back um once uh it starts to actually ask us the questions. Okay, so first question, what are the main areas of your life and work that you are responsible for? And so, um, of this list, uh, I'll just pick a couple. And so, I will say, um, business, clients, content, as well as, um, you know, let's just focus on those three right now. So, business, clients, content, that's where we're going to focus on. Um, I'll see where it takes us there. So, three to five projects I'm actively working on. I'm working on an AIOS full course for my content. Um, I'm working on a voice agent project uh in my business and let's just focus on those two for right now. So again, uh I don't want to give away uh too much about what I'm working on here. But um those are two good ones. So is there anything say on your brain uh right now that you've been meaning to do but I haven't captured anywhere? So sort of just brain dump a bunch of things. Um yes, I want to start a cold outreach system for my uh my agency. a rosé eye. Boom. Uh, we got that one done. What time and day works best for your daily review? I would say Friday at 5:00 p.m. is perfect. Fifth, um, this does have some default tags. Um, I'm fine with those. If you find out you want more tags, I I'll show you what those are in a second. Um, no I don't. Uh, we don't have any sort of uh physical capture. So, um, this is what it's going to set up. Uh, all these areas, uh, two different projects, um, our inbox, which will have one thing, some context tags, uh, a weekly review, and then it's skipping the physical capture. So, I'm going to say yes, run it. And so the cool thing about this is um this is where a couple more of the skills that I've actually built out for you um come into play. So um after you install this uh the habit is really most of the work you'll be doing getting the habit of um making sure you know you actually capture everything as it comes up. You know you're able to brain dump into the AIOS. You don't try and organize everything on the fly. Um if you actually process your inbox week regularly. So, I don't know if that's weekly, daily, um, depends like how big the projects are you include in there, but I have a whole skill process that you can run and Claude will actually uh, work with you to chew through all these ideas, ask you questions, sort of spitball back and forth with you, and then once a week, I'm running review on whatever day you chose during the setup, um, which we have already done. And so, uh, just without the weekly review, the system goes stale pretty easily. And so if you keep running the review, it maintains um the structure of it. You know, you don't have a bunch of other things uh projects that you didn't actually complete or go forward with or ideas um that you haven't chewed through uh inside of there. And so you really want to try and flush it out every week with the review. Uh and then how to actually know it's working is we'll run slprocess and claude code with at least a few items in our inbox and Claude should walk you through each one, ask what it is and what the next step is um and route it to the right place. then at the end our inbox should be empty and those items will appear in our projects or next actions. So if that works then the system is doing what it's supposed to do. So this is a way um for you to become more productive within your AIOS um start to organize uh a bunch of your thoughts and uh it doubles as adding more context because now all the big things and big pieces of work and projects you're doing inside your business live inside your AIOS. So coming back to claude um let's see so it wants us to run a slashp process so let's do that right now and again uh I know we haven't covered the skills that much but you can always uh come back to the readme and see all the skills um I've given you access to in here uh and so process will clear our task inbox where claude will route everything to the right place so build a cold outreach system for roseai is it actionable yes uh next physical location. It's a product or it's a project. So, I suggest the next action is define the outreach target, who to reach, what channel, and what the offer is. That's the first real decision that unlocks everything else. Does that next action sound right or would you phrase it differently? Yes, it should go under business. And yeah, I agree that's the next action to do. And so you can see um it is reading everything and it's moving it over to um the next actions.mmd. And so it's sort of clearing out this inbox for me. So the inbox is cleared. Gives me a summary uh and all of that. And now uh we have uh completed implementing all six nodes. Now we're not quite done yet because there's a couple other skills uh I want to go over. So, we can run this slash audit, which will actually help us score how complete and healthy our AIOS is. And so, um, this is something you can run, uh, as often as you'd like. Now, again, it's not perfect. AI tends to be, um, pretty generous with how uh, it thinks about things. So, we'll see what audit score actually comes back. Uh, it should be pretty low. It doesn't know a ton about my business. So, it doesn't know everything it can automate because I didn't give it a ton of information um in the context in the intelligence, but uh I am curious to see what it comes back with. So, um you can see here uh it did give me a pretty generous score. Uh it said my flow was 20 out of 20, which I guess is fair because there's not much else you need other than the mobile node and scheduling some things. Um I would agree that my context is it's probably lower than a 10 out of 20. Um, and my reach should definitely be lower than a 17 out, excuse me, 17 out of 20. But, um, now we can see how that works. Um, and lastly, uh, I want to run slashtune. And coming back here, what slune does is it'll give you recommendations for what to improve or automate next based on all the context it has. Um, so, you know, obviously the more you give it information about your workflow, uh, the better this will work. Uh, same with the audit. The more it knows about your business, the more it knows, um, how much context it does or doesn't actually have. And so, um, let's see what tune comes back with. Okay. So, um, to finish the tune, uh, the actual tuning skill, it's asked me a couple of questions. So, the email intelligence was skipped during the intelligence node. Is that, uh, permanent? Uh, eventually, but, uh, keep it skip. The demo setup's fine. Um, the cold outreach system. I haven't just haven't sat down to do it. And what task have you done manually more than three times in the last few weeks that you're surprised you haven't um automated yet? Let's say client follow-up after calls. Which of the three active projects is currently your number one priority? Say the AIOS uh full course that you are currently watching. Um, so let's see what it comes back with. If it has some good ideas on how to actually start to automate or augment these processes um inside my business for my day-to-day workflow. So you can see it came back with some recommendations to build a client follow-up skill. Um to draft the iOS course outline uh to fill in claw these three remaining fill-in fields and then lastly fix a YouTube video level data collector. Um and it also details you know what part of the craft framework these are impacting. Um it's based on sort of this audit trend. I think that's because I included in the same chat that I actually just ran the audit in that mentions that. But um it does sort of look through your entire AIOS and grade it from there. And so now that we have covered and built an entire AIOS and you have hopefully followed along and have this all built as well, the next section of this course will be on how to sell, pitch uh and price selling this AIOS offer um to business owners. So, now that you have set up an AIOS and you generally know what goes into it, how to use it, and how to potentially set it up for other people, I want to talk more about actually pricing and selling these um to clients, to businesses, because I know a lot of you are on here uh to do that. So, if you are a business owner and you just want to set this up personally, you can ignore this section. That's why I put it at the end of the video. So, you can just close out now. But if you are interested in pricing and selling in AIOS, um here's how I'd actually think about framing it uh and pricing it. So, first, these are just some patterns I've seen work. This isn't some sort of finished playbook that you can go out and replicate and will work like 100%, but these are things I've seen work for people. And I think there's a lot to say there that this is like rooted in reality, even if it's not perfected yet. So, again, like I mentioned, uh this is a work in process. Um, and you know, this is genuinely new territory. So, these are just some patterns I've seen work. But there are, uh, as all things exist on a spectrum. Uh, and there's sort of two ends. The first is more consultative and custom. Uh, and so this is like you charge a high like base fee and then maybe you charge per seat and then it genuinely can sort of implement with any type of business. And so how I would think about structuring this Whoops. And then on the other end you have product ties. Uh and so this would usually be industry specific sort of a pre-built AIOS um where you know what tool stack or um you know systems you're actually going to be integrating into and what sorts of nodes and skills they'd actually want there. Uh and so one to think of is like e-commerce they have to have a common tool stack. It's usually a bit lower of a price, but you can do a lot higher volume because you don't have to, you know, custom build it, custom build it or consult with them every single time. And so, uh, what this actually looks like is, uh, on the left here we have the consultative, which is, you know, a lot more hightouch. Uh, I would think or I've seen people price this and this is how I would price it as well and I'm going to as I sell this um you know five to 10 grand for like the CEO setup. So that's like the big boy um that wants it and uh this and then after that you would charge maybe $1,000 to $2,000 maybe a bit more than that per additional employee they want you to set this up for. So you might be thinking like why is there such a big like price disparity between these? Because once you set up for the CEO, you generally know like what the business is about, how to connect to their different systems. You might have access to all their API keys already. And the CEO generally does the the broadest scope of work within a company. Uh there's a saying all poop flows floats to the top in a company. So the CEO generally has to handle a lot more than like each employee. And so once you set up for the CEO, um you can probably reuse a lot of those nodes and skills uh on the different employees. Um it also is just like good to have like an entry point pricing and then like sort of scale down from there. Um and you know have them benefit from you know adding more and more people to that network of building an AIOS. Uh and then and the way I would pitch this one uh and actually I would pitch both of these this way is that the AIOS uh at least in the way we just built it with no like custom nodes or skills that you were going to build yourself later is really the foundation to your company. So really like the core of what we were talking about earlier. Sorry, I'm going back up here. it really sits at the core. And then there's other things you can add on here um to add more functionality uh to your AI AIOS. Um and so some of these and those are all upset upsells and those are all upsells. So some of those would be like maybe a voice agent integration for this their company. And these all these upsells become way easier once they already have this AI infrastructure built, this AIOS. Um, you could build out a full CRM for them. You know, a chatbot perhaps, you know, you could do outbound sales, uh, custom workflows, you know, additional node installations you could charge for. And now, uh, these upsells are I really don't have like a great pricing structure for them. They're so variable that you really don't know. It would obviously be nice to get someone on like uh you know it'd be nice to get someone on like a 2k retainer. Um but then you get into scope creep and you know there's just a lot more to think about there. Uh and so we'll sort of see how that ends up as I do this more. I'll help uh I'll post more videos. I'll let you guys know and in the community you guys can let me know uh sort of what's working, what's not working. And so generally how uh this consultative offer goes is you first have an audit which I'll cover in a second that's charged separately. Um then you set up the context and reach for the CEO. The CEO will use it for some set amount of time. He'll get his value out of it. Uh and then he can then or you will usually then fork the environment for the next hire and help them apply it. If they want to do that themselves, they can. I wouldn't like prevent them from doing that. Most business owners uh if they're already paying you this amount of money to set the system up are not then going to set it up for the rest of their employees for like less money. Uh that's just like the truth. And then you can start adding more layers uh more upsells on top of that. So like I was talking about the AIOS becomes the foundation and every future uh agent automation etc is built on top of it. Um, one of the biggest problems I ran into, uh, when working with companies building voice agents is like they just had really bad existing technical infrastructure. Their tool stack was really hard to work with, which made made building the voice agent a lot more expensive, uh, a lot harder to do. Whereas if they had this AIOS, you know, their tool stack and uh everything they were using inside of their business was built for this and it was sort of thought from built from like first AI principles, then it would be so much easier uh to build uh anything on top of it. Which is why like where this really compounds uh and you know you start to get like 20x returns is when you have this and this AIOS this infrastructure um and this AIOS infrastructure uh actually enables you to not only makes you more productive but enables you to add things um that make you more productive as well that you couldn't uh if you didn't have it in the first place. Then on the other side, we have more of a productized offer. So, one vertical I've always talked about for productization is e-commerce. And that's because most of them are built on top of Shopify uh which which means they almost always have like a really common tool stack. So like Shopify, a lot of them use like Facebook ads uh for all of their ads. And so because of that, you can build these productized nodes. Um, for example, in in here, like I only have a certain amount of nodes and skills I can give you because you could be a plumber watching this or you could be running an e-commerce store and the tools you use are completely different. So like these are the only ones that I feel like are widely applicable to every company. However, um if you are able to productize, you can make nodes for like specific, you know, Shopify uh you know, cart abandonment uh flows or whatever that are useful. And then, you know, that's really high value uh to those people. Uh and so you can actually sell it at a more competitive price point versus a custom. Uh, and you can also do it at a higher volume because you have to really don't have to custom build a whole lot of nodes or skills um into the AIOS when you're selling this. Um, it's also really easy to demo because you know exactly what they're going to get. Uh, and you'll probably build up case studies in the same industry really really quick. Um, and there are still probably upsells. It will just depend on the industry which ones fit. Uh the trade-offs is without customization, it might be a lower perceived value, but that also might be a benefit to a lot of business owners um because it's lower lift for them. It's a lot more consistent. Um you do need to like deeply know the vertical. That's like one of the things that are tough about niches. Uh and that tool stack does need to be consistent across buyers. So you don't you can't think that just because there is a niche like plumbers that they all use the same software. Um, and so just think that like the consultative will teach you like a bunch more because you're working with a bunch of different companies and you're consistently building things. Um, and then product ties is what you build once those skills are sharp and you know a vertical uh really well. And so if you start doing consultative and you see like you worked with five different ecom companies of your seven projects, it might be time to start thinking about a productized offer. So now I want to cover um step one, the audit uh and from a high level how this works. This is not a course on AI audits or AI consultations. Um and so it's also not something I've perfected either. So I don't feel super comfortable like going really in depth into it. But I just don't want you to get caught in the trap of uh sort of selling the AIOS and not doing an audit because if the audit happens inside of the engagement, which will happen if you don't run an audit, is that you'll have to audit their company anyways and that time you're just like not getting paid for it and you're they're only paying for an AIOS, not an audit, and they end up getting both. Um cuz to build an iOS, you're basically going to end up mapping their entire business for free and it becomes unpaid consulting sort of baked into this fixed price project. And the problem with that too is that after you do an audit, the build of the AI AIOS will go so much smoother. like it's really hard hard to like communicate this um because you just know everything about their business upfront. So you know the direction you want to take it. You know sort of um you know where to get the context, what platforms you actually need to integrate into uh etc. And you build up rapport with them and their employees. And so when you run an audit, just make sure you cover um the current tools uh that they're using or paying for uh where all their data is. And so this is um big one is like AI chats for this. Uh so if you can export their claude uh Gemini chatbt history, that's awesome. Uh their Google drive will also be a great source for that. Um their team time like how are they actually spending their time? Where where can like you actually move the needle in terms of starting to automate things? Um workflow. So like how they actually work. Um what is the actual automation opportunity for each of these tasks? Um then build sort of like a recommended road map and be like I'll take you uh to so maybe build out a road map that's like this far and be like okay like what I'm charging will take you here then we have a monthly plan so that you know we can keep making these advancements every month. Uh and then give a proposed pricing for the full engagement. And so why this actually works is it's a lower risk entry point. It's generally cheaper than the AIOS for the client. Uh again, I've heard of people paying like per employee for these audits. Um so, you know, maybe uh you have to interview like the CEO uh and then uh maybe they have like five employees and you interview someone over here as well as someone over here and you charge like 500,000 bucks each. It's 1,500 to $3,000. So cheaper than AIOS. Um, and so it's a lower risk entry point for the client. It's good for you because you get paid to actually learn their business instead of doing it for free if you just did the AIOS uh and then ended up having to get gather all this information. Anyways, um, it also means the client's already invested. So like the conversion down here uh when you're proposing the pricing is really high and the audit output is basically the proposal for the AIOS. Um so you know you're getting paid to do work you would have done anyways and it frames the project really well and makes it go uh a lot smoother. Uh it also sets the scope so the AOS uh has clear edges which again just makes it go so much smoother. Um and it positions you as the expert before the build. So generally the flow of this is um you have uh whatever your sales process is uh it's generally a series of calls. You can then pitch them and sell them on the audit. You run the audit. It's generally like a week or two depending on how many people you're interviewing. Um you give them the road map which is really the output from the audit. Uh what they get and what they're paying for is this road map. And at the end of it basically be like we recommend this AIOS. Um here's you know everything we would plan on building in it. uh which would be like you know this timeline here. Uh you then sell that and then you start building the AIOS. Um you can see uh if you think back to when you were just building your own AIOS like how much you had to think and audit your own company. And so you basically have to help someone else go through that exact process you just went through. And so now let's talk about um who I think these are actually a really good fit for in terms of you know selling these as an agency. I want to be clear when I talk about like tough cell to high value. This doesn't mean that an AIOS doesn't work for these people and works better for these people. It's just in terms of like selling a high ticket AI offer. These people are much tougher sell than these people over here. And so or in terms of like the sweet spot um because these are still a tough sell. Uh it's just you get more money. Um, but a lot of soloreneurs and micro companies just won't pay that much money for a system. If they're a soloreneur, they probably like setting up stuff by themselves, especially if they're in the online space. That might just be you watching this tutorial and setting it up right now as a soloreneur instead of going out and hiring someone to do it for you. So, they can use the AIOS, but they'll probably just set up themselves. Uh, it's hard for them to justify the price, and they're better served by a course like this um or a community. And then what I'd say is the sweet spot are these small to medium-sized businesses, especially for you guys out there. Um, again, uh, it's tough to target businesses bigger than this size unless you just really have a great catalog or, you know, your previous career. Um, you have connections there. And so when getting started selling these systems, I think uh these are the easiest businesses both to contact as well as you can make just a huge change for the business um when they're at this size. You know, it's hard to reach, you know, enterprise deals like people will talk about it and you think there's just so much money in it, but honestly, it's really hard to close those deals. They often start out a lot smaller. And so, um, when you get these, you know, 10 to 50 person businesses, uh, whether they're local or regional, obviously also helps. Um, it's really just the easiest starting client, uh, because they're big enough to have real workflows and real revenue to automate. I mean, businesses uh, at this size are easily doing at least 5 million a year uh, in revenue to, you know, 10, 15, 20. It really depends what industry they're in. um but they're doing real revenue and uh I mean they obviously all those people are doing things every day. Um and so uh the other benefit is that is small enough that the CEO is still in the weeds and will feel the value immediately and they're usually looking to scale beyond this. Um, I will say when selling the AIO OS, uh, you do want to target companies that are looking to scale their operations, actually looking to, you know, invest to to hit that next, uh, next level in their business. Um, and really take that step. Uh, the fact that, you know, they're local in the size also means they're usually motivated, uh, so looking to scale and they usually see other businesses adopting AI and they don't want to be left behind. Um, local businesses uh are also often like the founder, the CEO usually won't be as tech-savvy and will have to lean on someone to help them implement AI uh because usually it won't be themselves whether that's an employee or you who is usually a lot more qualified um than you know one of their own employees who then has to instead of spending time doing their job go out research and learn all this stuff. And so, you know, the easiest pitch is that like you find out how much like how much they're working in admin and like you just say we can get that down. We can help you, you know, save and really frame you, give you this foundation like we were talking about uh to have uh an AI first company and build for a future in AI. Then third, um really high value in terms of like where the AIOS has the most value is any online native uh business just because they have so much data. Um so you know there's higher value per engagement and this is because they just have more like what I like to call data artifacts. Um because if you think about a plumbing company that's all in person um you know all those conversations you can't throw into the AIOS and add as context but if a company let's say is purely remote sort of like we're looking at uh you know complete opposite ends you know where this is maybe local and this is remote um this company over here is going to have all these let's say Slack chats emails um they're going to have a CRM to manage everything they're going to have analytics perhaps ad accounts um transcripts from calls because they're having them again online and not in person which just makes the AIOS work a lot better because there's a lot more context and data to work with. So these companies are just a lot more data rich when they're online native. Now this doesn't mean that they have to be like an online company like e-commerce where everybody's remote although you know that company will be you know pretty much all the way over here on the spectrum but a tech forward company even if their services are in person uh would all also qualify here. So the bottom line is just the more the AI can see uh the more it can do for them. And some good examples of you know these uh online native companies are like e-commerce SAS agencies uh any content business and then like coaches uh or you know any sort of info product. Um and so the upsells will land easier and there's just sort of more to connect. But usually these companies tend to be a bit smaller than you know companies with a big inerson presence and a big uh office. So, um I would still say the sweet spot. You want to target local small to mediumsiz businesses. That'll be the easiest for you to pitch and land your first clients and first projects here. Um but do know uh the main the core of what I'm trying to get across over here is that uh the more data and artifacts you have access to uh the better. And uh that's sort of just like the bottom line there. And so now I want to talk more about how to actually position the AIOS offer because it's not adding AI to the business. It's again building this foundation of an AI forward company. And so I don't want you to say like we'll add AI to your business or like here's a chatbot or an AI automation or bolt chatbt onto what you do. That's not how I pitch it. I instead pitch it as the foundation of how you run the company. that everything you build with AI will sit on top of this. Uh that your business uh un is that it's your business understood and acted on by AI and it's becoming an AI forward company from the CEO down because that truly is how transformational this is. I mean, you see, I keep I know I keep coming back to this, but these are major companies making major decisions to lay off a ton of their workforce because they do believe this technology and this way of working with AI is going to be uh at the center of everything they do going forward. Uh, and if you read, uh, Block has a great, um, Jack Dorsey wrote a great blog post on why he did it, and then Brian Armstrong, uh, made a tweet explaining his exact decision and, uh, he uses a lot more technical terms, but essentially what he's saying is that uh, instead of a traditional orgruct structure where you have a CEO uh, at the top and then uh, it sort of just looks like a tree. So maybe you have like the chief marketing officer uh the chief like revenue officer you know whatever seuite and from here uh they talk to these people and depending on how big your business is you know this might go uh multiple rows down uh and all of a sudden you know these people employee number 25 is like three levels away from uh the CEO and so information just really doesn't transfer that well there and uh the organization's structured like like a wedding cake. Um it's it's layered. Whereas in the future they're saying that you will have um AI at the center which will be this AIOS and instead the org structure will be flattened. So here's like a flat or structure and um basically what they're saying is it will be circular which is the same as as a line. It's just uh wrapped around the AI. Um, and so this way, uh, you have people here, here, here, here, here, here, here, and all the way around. And let's say this person over here on the marketing team wants to talk to a software engineer. Previously, what they would have to do is go um all the way over here. Say this is a marketing person, this is uh the software engineer. it would have to go up through this chain up to the CEO and somehow down to there is the only way they really connect. Um because you know you can only bring issues up uh through and so essentially this information never gets over there. Um however with this more circular structure uh let me use a different color here. Uh this person is directly interacting with the AIOS and it's coming back to them and all these people are feeding into it. And so whatever data this person has, the AI can communicate that to the software engineer. And so this is the real power behind it. I know this feels a bit abstract right now. Um, again, especially if you're a soloreneur and like the org structures and everything isn't something you've interacted with, but the more I've worked with companies, the more I've seen these sorts of issues be so prevalent. And so, um, I'm really excited about this technology, really bullish on it, uh, because I just know how much of how much better this way of working is than this way of working. Um, and so the key message you want it to be is that most businesses that try to bolt AI onto how they already work um, fail or they at least if even if they are successful, don't see the type of success that they could see uh, at a greater scale. And the ones that really win uh use AI as the excuse to rebuild from first principles. And so this is how you do that. Again, this doesn't mean you have to go into a business and tell them to stop doing everything uh the way they are. Um you they don't have to fire half their staff. If they are in this 10 to 50 person range, they're small enough to still steer the ship. Um you know, if you think of companies as ships, it takes a while to steer like the Titanic, which is I guess is why it ran into an iceberg. Um, but if you have, you know, a smaller boat with a lot less people on it, uh, you might not be able to re react like you're on a jet ski with one person, but you can still steer it a lot quicker. And so, um, the same thing goes for for businesses in terms of changing direction, changing priorities. And so that uh is it for this tutorial.