Hey guys, Mark here. In this video I'm going to show you how to print money with AI before all the NPCs ruin it. And if you execute on what I'm going to show you in this video, you can go from idea to having an actual running business in under 24 hours. A few years ago, before AI got really popular, that would have sounded insane, but now it's actually pretty simple. Most people think that the competitive advantage when it comes to AI is that it saves you all this time or that it handles all these tasks for you, but that's actually not true. The real thing that AI gives you is speed. Specifically, speed to acquire data. We all know that in order to get good at anything, you have to have this feedback loop where you basically try something, you get feedback, you get the data, and then you make revisions, and you repeat that process over and over and over again. Previously, before AI, this feedback loop would take days, it would take weeks, sometimes it would even take months, depending on the business that you own. So, what AI has really done is it's given you the opportunity to go from idea to launching something in the wild in under 24 hours. Now, how do we actually make that happen? Well, any business has four key variables that you have to reasonably get down in order for you to actually start making money. These are the core essentials. The first is going to be the market that you are selling in. The second is going to be the product that you decide to sell within that market. The third is going to be the ads that you create to drive traffic to sell that product. And the last one, of course, is going to be the funnel, which is the fancy way of saying your experience on your website of taking somebody who first lands on your page to actually collecting payment information. So, let's begin with the market piece. Now, the reason that market is first is it is quite literally the most powerful lever that you can pull in a business. This is the reason why you see some people that are really pretty stupid make an absolute load of money because they happen to enter the right market at the right time. Now, what actually makes up a good market? The first thing that makes up a really good market, in my opinion, is going to be urgency. This is what I call market or audience urgency. Urgency is how quickly do people want their problem solved? For example, if we compare two markets, one of which is you selling like fishing gear, and the other of which is you selling a, let's say, neuropathy device, which is like nerve pain in your feet, which one of these has more urgency? Well, obviously, it's going to be the one that is neuropathy because that is a physical, urgent pain that you want to get solved as quickly as humanly possible. Fishing is more of a hobby sport. Don't get me wrong, it's a passionate market, but is there that bleeding sense of urgency that makes people make irrational decisions and buy things way faster? That is what you want in a great market. Another thing that makes up a great market is high pain. So, actually kind of similar to the point that I just made, this doesn't have to be only physical pain, though. This can be emotional pain. An example of a high pain market would be, for example, the pet market. The only thing that people love more than themselves or their children is, of course, their pets. And anybody who has children or pets knows that one of the worst things in the world is seeing your pet in physical pain. Like, you would much rather have yourself go through that physical pain compared to your pet. that reason, it's also a very high pain market. Now, the final piece that I'm going to add here to a good market is going to be a high TAM. A TAM is known as your total addressable market. It's basically a fancy way of saying, how big is this market that you're selling to? And I know there's this whole philosophy of going after these very like micro small super duper niche markets, you know, the riches are in the niches. I think that's a bunch of If you look at the brands that are scaling to nine figures per year and beyond. Now, this is big example, but it does prove the point. They are all entering massive, massive markets. I'm talking like weight loss. We're talking pet supplements. I mean, the best example of all may be emergence of Ozempic, semaglutide, tirzepatide, retatrutide. Think about how many people, specifically in America alone, are overweight. That TAM alone is monstrous. So, you have a lot of variables when it comes to building a business in general. Don't make one of those variables the fact that you're going after a market that is too small. Now, with the market, you don't even need AI. You can basically just pick from a list which markets are best to sell in. Choosing a good market is important, but it should not be time consuming. It should take you basically under 30 minutes. Here's a few quick examples of good markets. Anything in the pet niche, like pet supplements, anything related to weight loss, hair growth, supplements in general are a great market, although oftentimes competitive, depending on what you're selling, skin care, anything cosmetic related, beauty, anything under the health and wellness bucket. These are just examples, but all of these actually meet the criteria that I just shared. You know, a mentor of mine once told me that you should sell something that does one of three things. And those three things were teach them how to make more money, teach them how to have more sex, or teach them how to lose more weight. He was like, if you're not doing one of these three things, you're doing something wrong. And many of those niches that I just said typically will lead you down one of those paths, although there's a few exceptions, of course. All right, now let's move on to the product. I need to get something about products out of the way immediately. Especially if you come from an e-commerce or a drop shipping background, you have this belief oftentimes that the product is king, the product is the most important thing. You can mess up everything else, but if the product is good, you're good to go. And if you don't make money, it's all because you chose the wrong product. That is the biggest load of maybe in the history of internet marketing because it's so, so, so not true. This is the way that you need to think about how important the product actually is. This is the best metaphor that I've come up with to explain this. stream of, you know, musical frequencies, then down here being the lows, up here being the mids, an EQ will help you raise certain frequencies so that the overall sound is very balanced. So, if the frequencies, the highs, are too loud, you turn down. You want to create something that is balanced. It's a similar thing when it comes to combining all the ingredients of having a super profitable business. Let's say this first kind of lever here is actually going to be your product. If you have a phenomenal product, it's just 10 out of 10, super unique, nobody's ever sold before, yet it's the perfect problem-solving product, then it's actually okay if you suck at everything else. Like, let's say your ads are not even that good, but because the product is so damn good, it doesn't matter. And your funnel, as well, is also not that good, but once again, doesn't even matter because your product is just that damn good. This is why you may know some people or hear of some people that are making all this money. There is this element of luck involved. Sometimes you legitimately are selling a product that just sells itself really, really well. Other products sometimes are not as easy to sell. But, this is the thing that people don't talk about. Let's say your product is actually not that great of a product. It's decent, maybe like a five out of 10, but it's not going to carry you all the way to the finish line. So, what do you have to do in cases like this? Well, naturally, you have to make better ads like this, and you have to make a better funnel in order to compensate for your product not being able to totally sell itself. So, no, the product is not the most important thing, but it's also not nothing. It is definitely going to help you, and you should try to find a good product, but don't be so quick to blame blame your lack of success on the product when a lot of times it's actually so much more likely that your ads just suck or your funnel just sucks. And you should probably spend a lot more time here compared to just obsessing about this because these are relatively simple to fix. Finding a product that is able to completely sell itself, that's tough. All right, now that I got that out of the way, what is the criteria for actually finding a really, really solid product? Number one, and most importantly, this product has to, what I like to call, solve a problem in a passionate market, which we kind of already covered with the first step where we talked about the market. Second is going to be margins. Now, just saying, you know, sell a product that has good profit margins is not super helpful, so let me break it down. To sell a product that has good margins, you need to accomplish two rules. Rule number one is to have at least $30 of gross margin. Gross margin means if you are able to get this product sourced from your supplier, you want to be able to sell this product for at least $30 more than what you're getting it sourced for. I see that I can sell a product that cost me 10 bucks, I need to be able to sell that for a minimum of 40. And then the second rule is going to be 3x cost of goods sold. So, this is like the absolute value, and this is the relative value. Because if you find a product, for example, that cost you $100, do you want to sell it for $130? Obviously not. You want to aim to sell that bad boy for $300. And that may seem like a lot, but I'm telling you, this is one of the best ways where you can set yourself up for long-term success. And then number three, as a bonus, just to make your life even easier, try to sell a product that can fit in a shoe box. This is just going to help you avoid so many shipping and logistical nightmares, having to worry about expedited shipping lines, and all this nonsense. Just sell something that solves an incredible problem and that fits in a shoe box with good margins, and you have a good product on your hands. Now, how do we use AI in this process? We're going to hop right into Claude, but we're not going to be using the Claude chat here. We're actually going to be using Claude Co-work. So, you need to make sure you have the desktop version of Claude installed. What you're going to do is select a new project. You're going to do start from scratch. You can name this project inside of Claude Product Finder, and then you're going to go to my Product Finder SOP. I have all the resources for this video, by the way, in the description of this YouTube video. Then you're going to go to where it says project instructions, and we're just going to copy this entire thing. Now, we're going to go back into Claude, paste all those lovely instructions right there, choose a project location, and then select create. Now, at the bottom of this document, you'll notice I have a little section called brief, which is where you'll put in just a few details to make this search for a product something that you actually want. So, you're just going to fill in a few different things about the market, any exclusions that you want, for example, if you don't want to sell any supplements, what your budget is to start, what is your general skill level, like, are you really good at ads, are you really good at funnels, are you a total newbie, and then a time horizon. So, is this like a quick flip or a long-term brand play? Highly recommend going the long-term route. Now, we're going to take that brief and drop it right inside of our Product Finder project inside of Claude Co-work and hit go. I'm going to let this run and get back to you when it's finished. All right, just like that, Claude Co-work finished up. I exported it to a document we can see what it got here. So, it was able to extract many different competitors that are running very successfully in terms of their multi traffic. One important piece of finding a good product to sell is making sure it's already proven to sell with a lot of traffic. So, if you the product that came up with is a jaw tension supplement for TMJ. This competitor here did $10 million in 2024, definitely proven and also hits all the other criteria. We also got a perimenopause brain supplement. A competitor here bonafide doing over 300,000 visits per month. Another one we got here is senior dog non-slip paw grips. And I can keep scrolling to show you all the other products, but honestly, this senior dog non-slip paw grips is an interesting one for this video. Let's run with that. So, the product here is essentially these tiny little rubber grips that go on the nails of your dog so that they don't slip when they're walking on like hardwood floors and whatnot. So, it definitely hits the criteria of being a really good market. The margins on this product are probably absolutely insane selling for 40 bucks. One of these probably costs less than 1 cent to produce. And we got a competitor selling it very successfully. It fits in a shoe box. Literally every piece of criteria is hit. And I didn't have to do anything. All right, now that we got the product in the market covered, let's move on to the ads. The ads is also a super duper simple process. When it comes to launching ads for your new product, there is one very very clear goal that you should be after. It's ironically not to make money, at least not initially because anybody knows that when you start spending money on ads, you're not losing money, you're actually buying data. So, the goal really is to find your winning sales message and test it fast. Like I said in the intro, AI is a multiplier and it helps you test stuff way way way way way faster. So, what we're really trying to get here is our winning sales message because once we have that, we can make millions of ads from it, but we need to find that core message that resonates with our market first. And a lot of times your sales message is also your top performing advertising angle, which is basically the reason that people buy your product. A lot of people buy products for a bunch of different reasons, you know, you ask five different people why they're buying iPhone, you can get five different answers. And each one of those is a different angle that you can use in your messaging with your ads. So, for speed purposes and because we're trying to get sales fast, we're going to be using image ads because image ads are extremely easy to create. You can make hundreds of them just in under an hour and that's what we're going to do. All right, now we're going to go back into Claude to come up with ideas for particular angles that we can use to sell our product with our image ads. And to do that, I created this SOP here that you can quite literally copy and paste. The only thing that you need to fill in is going to be these first three lines. So, what is your product name? What is a quick description of the product and what is the primary angle that is currently being used by the competitor, let's say, to sell the product. So, I entered in all that information and selected enter and this is the output that I got here. So, for this product, the first angle that I got is post surgery and injury recovery. The rehab tool vets are already using. Another angle is neurological and special needs dogs. Finally something that works for his condition. Another angle is for people that have new hardwood floors installed. Another angle is floor anxiety and confidence loss. He won't even come greet me at the door anymore. Sounds pretty good. I'm going to be running with that angle. So, now that we've had the angle, what we need to do is actually generate the images that we're going to be using for our advertising. Now, for this process, we're specifically going to be creating a special kind of image ad called a native ad. Native ads are designed to look like actual posts that people would make on Facebook, in this case, about their dog. But in the actual ad copy, we're going to be selling people on our particular product. Typically with highly emotional and storytelling based ad copy. But let's just generate the images for now. Now, what we're going to do inside of Claude is we are going to go to the project section. We're going to select new project, name it AI Angles, hit enter. And under instructions, once again, you are going to paste all of this text here. And all we got to do now is go back to the Claude chat where we just came up with these angles. And I'm going to copy this entire angle right here. And then just go right into that new Claude project that we created. We're going to paste it and select enter. And after Claude was working for a little while, now we have 1 2 3 4 full text image prompts that we can use to actually create these image ads. So, I'm going to use this one here as an example. We are going to just copy this and go directly into Higgs Field to actually create these images. If you don't know what Higgs Field is, it's basically a tool that is able to combine all these different APIs from all the image to video models, video generation models, put them all in one place. So, what we're going to do is paste that prompt directly into Higgs Field here and just select generate. Make sure you have Nano Banana Pro selected. All right, so I was able to play around a little bit. This is where you can kind of get creative to come up with new ideas and this was the initial static image that I ended on. And as you can see, the hardwood floors are very scratched and you have a relatively older senior dog that has a cast on his right paw here. At this point, you have your ad, you just have to slap some ad copy on there and run it and you're good to go. The final piece after we have the ads covered is going to be your funnel. Now, if we were like most people when it comes to running ads, what we would do is take this image ad that we have and drive it directly to our sales page or our PDP as most people call it, which is just a typical product page. And from there, you would go to the checkout, people would buy and that would basically be it. This flow here is essentially the equivalent of me asking a girl that I have never met before, "Hey, do you want to go back to my place and have sex with me?" It's not going to go very well, at least the majority of the time. Instead, what we're going to do is run this style of ad to what's called a pre-lander or a pre-sales page. Specifically, we're going to be running this to a format of a pre-sales page called an advertorial, which is the combination of an ad and an editorial. And really the purpose here is to be able to sell our customers without them feel like they're being sold to because nobody enjoys being sold to. And if we can construct our funnel in a way that sells them subconsciously, then we can increase our conversion rate, increase the amount of people that are buying from us without any downside because this style of ad that we're running is able to get extremely low cost of traffic, which means they're probably not going to be as qualified as normal compared to like, you know, a 3-minute long video ad. So, we have to use that to our advantage and be able to construct the funnel in a way that is able to convert people that are much colder with an advertorial. And from there, we can go to our sales page where we actually sell the product itself and then to the order page where we actually collect payment. And I know what you're thinking, this funnel structure is longer than this one. Why will it work better? Well, it all comes down to leveraging fundamental human psychology in a way that isn't super duper abrupt instead of what these guys are doing, which is just getting immediately to buy my product, buy my product. We're able to sell people subconsciously with this Chad funnel structure. But of course, we're going to be using AI for this whole process. Now, once again, I have an entire SOP for building these advertorials with AI inside of Claude. The link is also in the description, but let me walk you through what we're doing here real quick. First, we're attaching all of our foundational docs, which is all of the research that we've done on our customer to give it the initial piece of context. Then we upload a swipe, which is competitor advertorial that's running really well just so that it understands the structure of a high-performing advertorial. Then we have it rewrite it based off of our brand. And then of course, you want to copy chief it to make sure the copy is up to your liking. But just through that super duper simple process that took me probably 4 and 1/2 minutes, this is the advertorial that we already have put together. You have reviews on the side. We have good advertorial structure, decent copy, needs to be chiefed a little bit, and we need to add the images in, which we can create in Higgs Field and just upload them right directly here in the chat. Once that is done, this is the HTML file. So, you can host this wherever you want. If you want to host it on Shopify, if you want to host it on ClickFunnels, on Funnelish, or if you just want to run it on its own separate domain, you can upload it to CloudFlare and just run it there. Doesn't really matter. What matters is you have the HTML and all the components of this page already done for you. Now, the final thing I want to say is images that you use in your ads should be different than the images that you're using on your landers. Your lander images, they should all have a purpose. Don't just put images on your website just to make it look pretty. Every image should serve a purpose. It should either install a belief or overcome an objection. So, ask yourself, number one, is this image relevant to this section of the article? And then number two, is it either installing a belief or overcoming some sort of limiting objection? And just like that, you have the entire advertorial, you have the entire lander, you have the ads, you have the product, and you have the perfect market. Only thing left to do now is to run more ads. Thank you guys for watching this video. If you like this content and you want a little bit more guidance to help you through each of these steps in even more depth, I do have a mentorship program called Brand Builders Academy. If you want to join, you can always fill out an application with the link in the description of this video. Other than that, I'll see you on the next video. Peace.